Once a wise individual said, The society based on production is only productive, not creative.
Once a wise individual said, The simplest questions are the most profound. Where were you born? Where is your home? Where are you going? What are you doing? Think about these once in a while and watch your answers change.
Once a wise individual said, I'm sure any vocal teacher that listens to me would rather cut my throat than do anything - I do everything all wrong - but I think for me that's the best - because I don't think I have a voice so I think what I project would be style - if I learned to sing I'd lose my style.
Once a wise individual said, Television brought the brutality of war into the comfort of the living room. Vietnam was lost in the living rooms of America - not on the battlefields of Vietnam.
Once a wise individual said, Singleness of purpose is one of the chief essentials for success in life, no matter what may be one's aim.
Once a wise individual said, I think politicians get hamstrung by the nature of politics when the private sector can really do great things.
Once a wise individual said, On the other hand, there would be some value in different folks getting together to share expertise and technology but to the listener, it wouldn't necessarily seem like a single station in the traditional sense.
Once a wise individual said, Not by age but by capacity is wisdom acquired.
Once a wise individual said, That's a funny thing, fame. People definitely do treat you differently. When you begin to be successful, people say, 'Don't go changing.' Well, that's easy to say, but the fact is, you don't change at all - other people do.
Once a wise individual said, Isn't it amazing the way the future succeeds in creating an appropriate past?
Once a wise individual said, I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
Once a wise individual said, One way we can enliven the imagination is to push it toward the illogical. We're not scientists. We don't always have to make the logical, reasonable leap.
Once a wise individual said, The way Hollywood portrays mothers - you're either all good and saint-like, or you're all bad. And I think the real honesty of motherhood is not given a voice in movies. I miss that as an audience member.
Once a wise individual said, Besides the actual reading in class of many poems, I would suggest you do two things: first, while teaching everything you can and keeping free of it, teach that poetry is a mode of discourse that differs from logical exposition.
Once a wise individual said, I love places that have an incredible history. I love the Italian way of life. I love the food. I love the people. I love the attitudes of Italians.
Once a wise individual said, Who sows fear, reaps weapons.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness doesn't depend on how much you have to enjoy, but how much you enjoy what you have.
Once a wise individual said, There is no connection between the political ideas of our educated class and the deep places of the imagination.
Once a wise individual said, Our culture's obsession with vintage objects has rendered us unable to separate history from nostalgia. People want heart. They want a chaser of emotion with their aesthetics.
Once a wise individual said, I am President of the UN created University for Peace, which has a strong commitment to the relationship between peace, security and the environment. I meet with young people around the world and I always come away enthused and encouraged.
Once a wise individual said, Politics is just show business for ugly people.
Once a wise individual said, Imagine for yourself a character, a model personality, whose example you determine to follow, in private as well as in public.
Once a wise individual said, Well, food's always the way to anybody's heart, I think, guy or girl.
Once a wise individual said, I love music. It's freedom, a way to deal with pent-up frustration.
Once a wise individual said, There is certainly no absolute standard of beauty. That precisely is what makes its pursuit so interesting.
Once a wise individual said, Pennsylvania is a very tough state people don't last long in Pennsylvania politics.
Once a wise individual said, I love rock-n-roll. I think it's an exciting art form. It's revolutionary. Still revolutionary and it changed people. It changed their hearts. But yeah, even rock-n-roll has a lot of rubbish, really bad music.
Once a wise individual said, Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
Once a wise individual said, We pay when old for the excesses of youth.
Once a wise individual said, To love one that is great, is almost to be great one's self.
Once a wise individual said, If you ever get rich and famous, by definition you are special. You have done something special, and therefore you start to behave special. Then if the floor drops out, and you become down and out, you have a really new perspective.
Once a wise individual said, Wouldn't it be great if you could only get AIDS by giving money to television preachers?
Once a wise individual said, You hope people are going to be listening to you after you're gone. And they like you better after you're gone.
Once a wise individual said, The house a woman creates is a Utopia. She can't help it - can't help trying to interest her nearest and dearest not in happiness itself but in the search for it.
Once a wise individual said, I never did anything alone. Whatever was accomplished in this country was accomplished collectively.
Once a wise individual said, The rights of democracy are not reserved for a select group within society, they are the rights of all the people.
Once a wise individual said, The universal Mind contains all knowledge. It is the potential ultimate of all things. To it, all things are possible.
Once a wise individual said, I undertake that, in the exercise of my functions of that office I will have regard to any guidance with respect to ethical standards issued by the secretary of state under Section 66 of the Greater London Authority Act 1999.
Once a wise individual said, More generally, I made an effort to leave out things that weren't relevant to the main narrative themes of the book, namely that there were two sides to Steve Jobs: the romantic, poetic, countercultural rebel on one side, and the serious businessperson on the other.
Once a wise individual said, Solutions-oriented campaigning with a little passion and a little humor I think that will go a long way. I think people are desperate for it.
Once a wise individual said, Everyone who knows me knows that I'm a hopeless romantic who listens to love ballads and doo-wop songs all the time.
Once a wise individual said, How many women have the courage to start properly with a cold, cold bath early in the morning? I jump in, throw the water, cold as ice, and after the first plunge I am happy.
Once a wise individual said, If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.
Once a wise individual said, Passion is momentary love is enduring.
Once a wise individual said, If you're 40 years old and you've never had a failure, you've been deprived.
Once a wise individual said, While that amendment failed, human cloning continues to advance and the breakthrough in this unethical and morally questionable science is around the corner.
Once a wise individual said, Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
Once a wise individual said, Much good art got made while money ruled I like a lot of it, and hardship and poverty aren't virtues. The good news is that, since almost no one will be selling art, artists - especially emerging ones - won't have to think about turning out a consistent style or creating a brand. They'll be able to experiment as much as they want.
Once a wise individual said, Bobby Fischer has an enormous knowledge of chess and his familiarity with the chess literature of the USSR is immense.
Once a wise individual said, Our work is before us. It cannot be passed to future legislatures and must not be passed to future generations. May we boldly seize the moment with singular unity. And may we build a Texas of unlimited possibility.
Once a wise individual said, A liberal is a man who is willing to spend somebody else's money.
Once a wise individual said, For whatever reason, people, including very well-educated people or people otherwise interested in reading, do not read poetry.
Once a wise individual said, I remember an article, I can't recall who by, it was after the fall of the Berlin Wall, which said that now the Wall was down, there could be no more class war. Only someone with money could ever say such a thing.
Once a wise individual said, If you can laugh together, you can work together.
Once a wise individual said, The test of good manners is to be patient with the bad ones.
Once a wise individual said, Probably the worst time in a person's life is when they have to kill a family member because they are the devil. But otherwise it's been a pretty good day.
Once a wise individual said, President Obama orders religious organizations to violate their conscience. I will defend religious liberty and overturn regulations that trample on our first freedom.
Once a wise individual said, The truth of things is the chief nutriment of superior intellects.
Once a wise individual said, I keep my diet simple by sticking to mostly fruits and vegetables all day and then having whatever I want for dinner. I end up making healthy choices, like sushi or grilled fish, because I feel so good from eating well.
Once a wise individual said, I think Islam has been hijacked by the idea that all Muslims are terrorists that Islam is about hate, about war, about jihad - I think that hijacks the spirituality and beauty that exists within Islam. I believe in allowing Islam to be seen in context and in its entirety and being judged on what it really is, not what you think it is.
Once a wise individual said, My dad was great. He was very droll, very dry.
Once a wise individual said, I can count all the ways in which being a mother has enriched my understanding of the world, of character, my sense of the future and my attachment to it. I can't imagine what kind of writer I'd be if I didn't have my kids.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes they are a matter of luck the photographer could not expect or hope for them. Sometimes they are a matter of patience, waiting for an effect to be repeated that he has seen and lost or for one that he anticipates.
Once a wise individual said, It is not the quantity but the quality of knowledge which determines the mind's dignity.
Once a wise individual said, I'm getting older now, so I should think about a family, but certainly not tomorrow.
Once a wise individual said, By the fourth grade, I graduated to an erector set and spent many happy hours constructing devices of unknown purpose where the main design criterion was to maximize the number of moving parts and overall size.
Once a wise individual said, For the last 20 years of my life, I've had the mantra to do amazing parts with amazing people in amazing projects, so I'm attracted to good story, writing and character and good people. That's what I'm always searching for and I don't think that's ever going to change.
Once a wise individual said, I am a leader. Leaders always get heat. They're always going against the grain. Jimi Hendrix got heat Bob Marley got heat Miles Davis got heat. Every great artist got heat. Heat means you're doing something right.
Once a wise individual said, There should be more attention paid to scientific research in the ecology area, and I think that such attention to proper environmental concerns would make the public feel much better about it.
Once a wise individual said, It will be a great day when our schools have all the money they need, and our air force has to have a bake-sale to buy a bomber.
Once a wise individual said, I remember the first time I saw the 'Smells Like Teen Spirit' video. I will never forget that day. I just wanted to see Kurt Cobain's face. I had a feeling he was very cute. But, I couldn't see his face. When I finally did see him, he was even cuter than I imagined!
Once a wise individual said, People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.
Once a wise individual said, I always watched movies and rooted for the bad guys, you know? I've always been that kind of guy. I still hold some respect for criminals that are good at their jobs.
Once a wise individual said, I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's were the fun is.
Once a wise individual said, Celibacy is not just a matter of not having sex. It is a way of admiring a person for their humanity, maybe even for their beauty.
Once a wise individual said, It's okay for Christians throughout centuries to exterminate races and for their priests to rape little kids throughout decades, but trying to give the people the power to think and be individual, that's evil?
Once a wise individual said, If either player abandon the game by quitting the table in anger, or in an otherwise offensive manner or by momentarily resigning the game or refuses to abide by the decision of the Umpire, the game must be scored against him.
Once a wise individual said, Adapt yourself to the things among which your lot has been cast and love sincerely the fellow creatures with whom destiny has ordained that you shall live.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose.
Once a wise individual said, Absence - that common cure of love.
Once a wise individual said, I don't mind a little Sturm und Drang. When I was doing 'Riding in Cars With Boys,' I wouldn't smile at anybody, because my character, Bev, was angry at the world. I'm the opposite. Inside my head I'd be like, God, I'll explain to you at the end of shooting that I'm not this person.
Once a wise individual said, To do a common thing uncommonly well brings success.
Once a wise individual said, Inspiration for my music just comes from, you know, my life experiences.
Once a wise individual said, Nevertheless, as is a frequent occurrence in science, a general hypothesis was constructed from a few specific instances of a phenomenon.
Once a wise individual said, I was doing these performance art pop music pieces in the city. And they were a bit on the eccentric side I suppose. So people started to call me Gaga after the Queen song 'Radio Gaga.'
Once a wise individual said, I'm not particularly a feminist, but if you get women off the animal cycle of reproduction and give them some say in how many children they'll have, immediately the floor will rise.
Once a wise individual said, It is impossible to persuade a man who does not disagree, but smiles.
Once a wise individual said, We need to reach that happy stage of our development when differences and diversity are not seen as sources of division and distrust, but of strength and inspiration.
Once a wise individual said, Basically, there are two things we know: Everybody has less time, and the general public is demanding better food - better in terms of quality and better in terms of flavor.
Once a wise individual said, Comedy has to be based on truth. You take the truth and you put a little curlicue at the end.
Once a wise individual said, Only the person who has experienced light and darkness, war and peace, rise and fall, only that person has truly experienced life.
Once a wise individual said, I once heard two ladies going on and on about the pains of childbirth and how men don't seem to know what real pain is. I asked if either of them ever got themselves caught in a zipper.
Once a wise individual said, In everything truth surpasses the imitation and copy.
Once a wise individual said, An unexpected benefit of my career in biochemistry has been travel.
Once a wise individual said, I am blood type O-positive, which I remember by staying 'optimistic positive.'
Once a wise individual said, I don't believe people are looking for the meaning of life as much as they are looking for the experience of being alive.
Once a wise individual said, Before success comes in any man's life, he's sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures. When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and the most logical thing to do is to quit. That's exactly what the majority of men do.
Once a wise individual said, Travel teaches as much as books.
Once a wise individual said, I do support a sex-positive attitude for young people. Use condoms, that's important. I love the idea that promiscuity can be healthy but it's got some dodgy crevasses. Ooh, that's a bad reference! But it's got some dangerous cavities there. You know what I'm saying.
Once a wise individual said, Dissents are appeals to the brooding spirit of the law, to the intelligence of another day.
Once a wise individual said, Before people complain of the obscurity of modern poetry, they should first examine their consciences and ask themselves with how many people and on how many occasions they have genuinely and profoundly shared some experience with another.
Once a wise individual said, Man is the miracle in nature. God Is the One Miracle to man.
Once a wise individual said, Even in literature and art, no man who bothers about originality will ever be original: whereas if you simply try to tell the truth (without caring twopence how often it has been told before) you will, nine times out of ten, become original without ever having noticed it.
Once a wise individual said, That's part of American greatness, is discrimination. Yes, sir. Inequality, I think, breeds freedom and gives a man opportunity.
Once a wise individual said, Nature is not simply a technical or economical resource, and human beings are not mere numbers. To suggest that one can somehow align all the squabbling institutions of science, environmental management, government and diplomacy in an alliance of convenience to regulate the global climate seems to me optimistic.
Once a wise individual said, Philanthropy is the thing that I am really excited about, and having success means I can do more.
Once a wise individual said, Many a man fails as an original thinker simply because his memory it too good.
Once a wise individual said, On the battlefield, the military pledges to leave no soldier behind. As a nation, let it be our pledge that when they return home, we leave no veteran behind.
Once a wise individual said, People are going to behave however the social norms permit, and beyond that.
Once a wise individual said, Working on the 'Ice Age' movies, I'm really proud to be in them.
Once a wise individual said, Men like women who write. Even though they don't say so. A writer is a foreign country.
Once a wise individual said, There can be no rise in the value of labour without a fall of profits.
Once a wise individual said, In a sense, words are encyclopedias of ignorance because they freeze perceptions at one moment in history and then insist we continue to use these frozen perceptions when we should be doing better.
Once a wise individual said, The reason we are doing these types of pat downs and using the advanced imagery technology is trying to take the latest intelligence and how we know al Qaeda and affiliates want to hurt us, they want to bring down whether it is passenger air craft or cargo aircraft.
Once a wise individual said, We don't want tradition. We want to live in the present and the only history that is worth a tinker's dam is the history we make today.
Once a wise individual said, The great advantage of a hotel is that it is a refuge from home life.
Once a wise individual said, I was walking along and this chair came flying past me, and another, and another, and I thought, man, is this gonna be a good night.
Once a wise individual said, There are a lot of things that are personally uncomfortable to show, especially me without makeup and completely bloated or crying. But I've realized that it's time for me to show my audience that you don't have to be perfect to achieve your dreams. Because nobody relates to being perfect.
Once a wise individual said, Fashion should not be expected to serve in the stead of courage or character.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of the problems I had with fame I was bringing on myself. A lot of self-loathing, a lot of woe-is-me. Now I'm learning to see the positive side of things, instead of, like, 'I can't go to Kmart. I can't take my kids to the haunted house.'
Once a wise individual said, The best augury of a man's success in his profession is that he thinks it the finest in the world.
Once a wise individual said, I don't categorize food as bad or a guilty pleasure.
Once a wise individual said, We are the miracle of force and matter making itself over into imagination and will. Incredible. The Life Force experimenting with forms. You for one. Me for another. The Universe has shouted itself alive. We are one of the shouts.
Once a wise individual said, There are many countries where you can only believe more or you can believe less. But in the United States we have this incredible smorgasbord, and it really interests me why people are drawn to one faith rather than another, especially to a system of belief that to an outsider seems absurd or dangerous.
Once a wise individual said, My sisters like cooking at my place. It has a bit more room, and the food tastes a little bit better. A big pot of spaghetti and sauce, some warm French bread - works all the time. I think I've been eating pasta for 26 years.
Once a wise individual said, It's morally wrong to allow a sucker to keep his money.
Once a wise individual said, I agree with just about everyone in the reform debate when they say 'If you like what you have, you should be able to keep it.' But the truth is that none of the health reform bills making their way through Congress actually delivers on that promise.
Once a wise individual said, I'm convinced I got signed because of who I am. And it makes me sad.
Once a wise individual said, The Marshall Plan was after destruction, and the U.S. came to our help and obviously this was very, very important for the future of Europe. I think now we have all the capabilities of doing it on our own and, in a sense, we have to.
Once a wise individual said, It's not like I sit around watching my movies again and again, but I've never quite believed actors when they say they don't watch themselves.
Once a wise individual said, Women are the largest untapped reservoir of talent in the world.
Once a wise individual said, No science is immune to the infection of politics and the corruption of power.
Once a wise individual said, Half of the modern drugs could well be thrown out of the window, except that the birds might eat them.
Once a wise individual said, The great difficulty in education is to get experience out of ideas.
Once a wise individual said, Success is just being happy. And I try so many different things. I do a lot of different things. Because I think God has helped me to love myself. I know who God is, and I love God.
Once a wise individual said, Ireland sober is Ireland stiff.
Once a wise individual said, There is a single thread of attitude, a single direction of flow, that joins our present time to its early burgeoning in Mediterranean civilization.
Once a wise individual said, When I was younger it was - you know, my dad dressed up in drag on 'Bosom Buddies.' And that was what I was having to deal with at the time. And then around the time that I was into college was when he became statue-worthy I guess you could say.
Once a wise individual said, I think Chris Weitz is an amazing director, and his sensibility - I wouldn't even know how to articulate it - it's just, he's a very sensitive, interesting guy.
Once a wise individual said, All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players: they have their exits and their entrances and one man in his time plays many parts, his acts being seven ages.
Once a wise individual said, History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.
Once a wise individual said, To this day, my mom's unsinkable spirit is an inspiration to me. For nearly thirty years, she's worked at the Library of Congress. Everyone knows Sameha simply as 'Sami.' Along with 500 miles of shelved books, her closest friendships are cataloged in that library. They are as much the value of work to my mom as is the work itself.
Once a wise individual said, I go and see anything that's visually new, any technology that's about picture-making. The technology won't make the pictures different, but someone using it will.
Once a wise individual said, So long as you don't feel life's paltry and a miserable business, the rest doesn't matter, happiness or unhappiness.
Once a wise individual said, I think what's dangerous about being an actor who does action movies is you think, 'Well, I can totally handle myself now.' But if my opponent didn't know the other half of the routine, I don't know how well I'd do.
Once a wise individual said, It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.
Once a wise individual said, Joanna points her camera at a section of society unused to having cameras pointed at it. But I don't know about categorizing them in terms of class I'm a bit wary of that. My dad is the son of a shipbuilder.
Once a wise individual said, Of these years nought remains in memory but the sad feeling that we have advanced and only grown older.
Once a wise individual said, What I had said in the morning was that this is what we know has happened, but there has been no significant off-site release. Only to find out moments later that, in fact, there had been an off-site release. I still haven't gotten over that.
Once a wise individual said, I have designed the most buildings of any living American architect.
Once a wise individual said, If there ever was a militant religion, it was that of early New England.
Once a wise individual said, I remember once acting really cool on a bus with this girl named Stephanie. When I got home, I realized that I had a really big zit on my forehead. If you have acne problems, you really shouldn't be acting like Don Juan.
Once a wise individual said, The fact that something is in a rhymed form or in blank verse will not make it good poetry.
Once a wise individual said, There's a line I have that our family was designed more for public than for private. But there are definitely some things that are only mine. I am someone who dreams at night, and you don't know what I'm dreaming.
Once a wise individual said, Never mind your happiness do your duty.
Once a wise individual said, Perfection is immutable. But for things imperfect, change is the way to perfect them.
Once a wise individual said, Life and human society are the chief concern of Confucianism and, through it, the chief concern of the Chinese people.
Once a wise individual said, Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life not so much by what happens to you as by the way your mind looks at what happens.
Once a wise individual said, People may believe that there can be a society where dissent is not permitted, but which is nonetheless not a fear society because everyone agrees with one another and therefore no one wants to dissent.
Once a wise individual said, I almost always do things that I like, in some form or fashion. Every once in awhile that means that I don't think the script is any good and I don't have any trust in the people, but the film is shooting in Sri Lanka, or somewhere like that, so I'm going.
Once a wise individual said, Our educational system is not preparing people for the 21st Century. Failure is an essential part of entrepreneurship. If you work hard, you can get an 'A' pretty much guaranteed, but in entrepreneurship, that's not how it works.
Once a wise individual said, The only day I remember of my parents' marriage was the day my dad walked out. As I stood there at five years old, with my older sister and younger brother, I knew that he was gone.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not a relationship expert. I'm an expert on manhood.
Once a wise individual said, Mental fight means thinking against the current, not with it. It is our business to puncture gas bags and discover the seeds of truth.
Once a wise individual said, The only abnormality is the incapacity to love.
Once a wise individual said, One of the great mind destroyers of college education is the belief that if it's very complex, it's very profound.
Once a wise individual said, I have always been very obsessed with time. Time's passage makes us all very vulnerable and because we all experience it in our own way, it can make us feel very alone.
Once a wise individual said, People are fed up with the politics where candidates just rip each other apart and then the voters lose in the end because no one really knows what anybody stands for.
Once a wise individual said, Christmas is more stressful with present buying and making sure everyone gets included, but Thanksgiving is really not that. I don't ever really get stressed out about the food.
Once a wise individual said, Sectarian divide has created a schism in our society that is a major challenge. As monarch of all Bahrainis, it pains me to see many harmed by the actions of a few. And yet I am optimistic and have faith in our people. We all realize that now is the time to strike a balance between stability and gradual reform.
Once a wise individual said, If there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love.
Once a wise individual said, I'm 18 in this album. I'm not losing fans, and I'm not disrepecting women, but you reach the maturity of taking it to the next level with a girl. It was only necessary for me to have at least one song like that.
Once a wise individual said, In the inner city, there's a mentality that the government owes you something. My breakthrough came when I stopped feeling sorry for myself and took responsibility for every part of my life. No more pity parties. I've gotta love me more than anybody else loves me.
Once a wise individual said, The mind, in proportion as it is cut off from free communication with nature, with revelation, with God, with itself, loses its life, just as the body droops when debarred from the air and the cheering light from heaven.
Once a wise individual said, I think politics is important. It's how we run our society. I think it should be natural to have an interest in the subject, and I almost don't understand why some people don't.
Once a wise individual said, Julia progresses from cradle to grave, showing how government makes every good thing in her life possible. The weak economy, high unemployment, falling wages, rising gas prices, the national debt, the insolvency of entitlements - all these are fictionally assumed away in a cartoon that is produced by a president who wants us to forget about them.
Once a wise individual said, How easy to be amiable in the midst of happiness and success.
Once a wise individual said, But I look at failure as education. In that respect, I am so well-educated.
Once a wise individual said, I am so happy because I want more people to like martial arts movie not just martial arts audience. Even martial arts can be used in comedy, in drama, in horror movies, in different kinds of movies.
Once a wise individual said, Information can bring you choices and choices bring power - educate yourself about your options and choices. Never remain in the dark of ignorance.
Once a wise individual said, The real estate agent had to go door-to-door in the apartment building we wanted to rent, asking if it was OK for this interracial family - my mom is white and I was a 1-year-old half-African kid - to live in the apartment building.
Once a wise individual said, 'The Christmas Song,' by Nat King Cole, is not only a masterful performance to me it just sounds like the holidays. I've never sung it, because Nat's version is so perfect. I gotta leave it alone.
Once a wise individual said, For me, it's about the way I carry myself and the way I treat other people. My relationship and how I feel about God and what He does for me, is something deeply personal. It's where I came from, my family, I was brought up in a religious household and that's very important to me.
Once a wise individual said, The game of history is usually played by the best and the worst over the heads of the majority in the middle.
Once a wise individual said, I am told that there have been over the years a number of experiments taking place in places like Massachusetts Institute of Technology that have been entirely based on concepts raised by Star Trek.
Once a wise individual said, Reform is not pleasant, but grievous no person can reform themselves without suffering and hard work, how much less a nation.
Once a wise individual said, My mom's passionate and energetic and very funny and enthusiastic.
Once a wise individual said, Conversion is not my intention. Changing religion is not easy. You may develop some kind of confusion or difficulties.
Once a wise individual said, Time is neutral and does not change things. With courage and initiative, leaders change things.
Once a wise individual said, You always get a special kick on opening day, no matter how many you go through. You look forward to it like a birthday party when you're a kid. You think something wonderful is going to happen.
Once a wise individual said, I know a man who doesn't pay to have his trash taken out. How does he get rid of his trash? He gift wraps it, and puts in into an unlocked car.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but a manner of traveling.
Once a wise individual said, If your sister is in a tearing hurry to go out and cannot catch your eye, she's wearing your best sweater.
Once a wise individual said, There's not a good poet I know who has not at the beck and call of his memory a vast quantity of poetry that composes his mental library.
Once a wise individual said, I also don't trust Caribou anymore. They're out there, on the tundra, waiting... Something's going down. I'm right about this.
Once a wise individual said, To me, it seems a dreadful indignity to have a soul controlled by geography.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not going to have a perfect career. It's better to be Billy Wilder and make lots of movies and have five or six great ones than to make so few movies that when you make a bad one it crushes you.
Once a wise individual said, If you can feed your family, give them an education, then you are a success.
Once a wise individual said, Always get married in the morning. That way if it doesn't work out, you haven't wasted the whole day.
Once a wise individual said, Be strong, believe in freedom and in God, love yourself, understand your sexuality, have a sense of humor, masturbate, don't judge people by their religion, color or sexual habits, love life and your family.
Once a wise individual said, Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.
Once a wise individual said, Besides the two Christmas things, we've got a about a dozen new tracks we're working on.
Once a wise individual said, Light, God's eldest daughter, is a principal beauty in a building.
Once a wise individual said, I will perform My Heart Will Go On for the rest of my life and it will always remain a very emotional experience for me.
Once a wise individual said, I have a really, really, really normal family. And by normal I mean we're all nuts on some level. I think you've gotta be a little nuts to pursue any kind of creative job. I was also a really good kid. I know that sounds really dull, but I didn't rebel in the traditional sense.
Once a wise individual said, The reason I keep making movies is I hate the last thing I did. I'm trying to rectify my wrongs.
Once a wise individual said, To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him.
Once a wise individual said, I think that the good and the great are only separated by the willingness to sacrifice.
Once a wise individual said, A constant struggle, a ceaseless battle to bring success from inhospitable surroundings, is the price of all great achievements.
Once a wise individual said, I have a great advantage over many of my colleagues inasmuch as my students bring with them to class their own personal knowledge of national, regional, religious, ethnic, occupational, and family folklore traditions.
Once a wise individual said, After I lost my fiance, it seemed like it would be better to always be alone than to risk being hurt again.
Once a wise individual said, The best time for you to hold your tongue is the time you feel you must say something or bust.
Once a wise individual said, Public confidence in the integrity of the Government is indispensable to faith in democracy and when we lose faith in the system, we have lost faith in everything we fight and spend for.
Once a wise individual said, Well, I've been reading a lot about the fifty years since the Second World War, about Western foreign policy and all that. I try not to let it get to me, but sometimes I just think that there's no hope.
Once a wise individual said, Under all speech that is good for anything there lies a silence that is better, Silence is deep as Eternity speech is shallow as Time.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes I wish that there were a way to let people know that just because I live in a world without rules, and in a life that is lawless, doesn't mean that it doesn't hurt so bad the morning after.
Once a wise individual said, I like somebody who's not so crazy but likes to have a good time... and who is thoughtful and kind and easy to laugh with. Somebody you can just be yourself with one hundred and fifty percent.
Once a wise individual said, Next to the Word of God, the noble art of music is the greatest treasure in the world.
Once a wise individual said, Literature has drawn a funny perimeter that other art forms haven't.
Once a wise individual said, If God is just, I tremble for my country.
Once a wise individual said, The older I've got the less I find myself going back and re-reading or really reading new fiction or poetry.
Once a wise individual said, I've succeeded beyond my wildest dreams - financially and the amount of fun I have in my life.
Once a wise individual said, My mother was really my partner in every project that I had. She was just the great enabler of my dreams.
Once a wise individual said, I'm trying to make God more relevant in our society.
Once a wise individual said, For an Impressionist to paint from nature is not to paint the subject, but to realize sensations.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of people are afraid to tell the truth, to say no. That's where toughness comes into play. Toughness is not being a bully. It's having backbone.
Once a wise individual said, The only instrument I can play is piano. Whenever I make songs at home, I play the piano and make them on the piano.
Once a wise individual said, Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else you are the one who gets burned.
Once a wise individual said, I get started at 5:30 in the morning and write till 10 A.M. Then I hike six or seven miles before going back to work.
Once a wise individual said, I believe that investing in our children's development from the earliest age is the single most important contribution we can make to the health and wellbeing of our citizens, their capacity and the future prosperity of our state.
Once a wise individual said, Vision gets the dreams started. Dreaming employs your God-given imagination to reinforce the vision. Both are part of something I believe is absolutely necessary to building the life of a champion, a winner, a person of high character who is consistently at the top of whatever game he or she is in.
Once a wise individual said, It's cool to go places where working people are happy.
Once a wise individual said, Before I was reading science fiction, I read Hemingway. Farewell to Arms was my first adult novel that said not everything ends well. It was one of those times where reading has meant a great deal to me, in terms of my development - an insight came from that book.
Once a wise individual said, You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.
Once a wise individual said, I have friends who have a CD mastering plant in Hollywood and they are very sceptical about European record labels' understanding of digital technology.
Once a wise individual said, It will work. I am a marketing genius.
Once a wise individual said, Choose your life's mate carefully. From this one decision will come 90 percent of all your happiness or misery.
Once a wise individual said, We are the creative force of our life, and through our own decisions rather than our conditions, if we carefully learn to do certain things, we can accomplish those goals.
Once a wise individual said, To travel is to discover that everyone is wrong about other countries.
Once a wise individual said, Experience hath shewn, that even under the best forms of government those entrusted with power have, in time, and by slow operations, perverted it into tyranny.
Once a wise individual said, Friendship is a sheltering tree.
Once a wise individual said, In my second year in graduate school, I took a computer course and that was like lightening striking.
Once a wise individual said, The fundamentals of baseball haven't changed, but how we can teach those fundamentals has. With an e-book, learning can be more rewarding and fun.
Once a wise individual said, The only thing I believe is this: A player does not have to like a manager and he does not have to respect a manager. All he has to do is obey the rules.
Once a wise individual said, I've still got that little freedom part of me that wants to have a car that looks really sexy.
Once a wise individual said, The show doesn't drive home a lesson, but it can open up people's minds enough for them to see how stupid every kind of prejudice can be.
Once a wise individual said, In the inhalation and exhalation there is an energy and a lively divine spirit, since He, through his spirit supports the breath of life, giving courage to the people who are in the earth and spirit to those who walk on it.
Once a wise individual said, One of the scary things is that, when you're a kid, you look at your dad as the man who has no fear. When you're an adult, you realize your father had fear, and that you have it, too.
Once a wise individual said, I don't have any well-developed philosophy about journalism. Ultimately it is important in a society like this, so people can know about everything that goes wrong.
Once a wise individual said, If governments let themselves be fully bound by the decisions of their parliaments without protecting their own freedom to act, a breakup of Europe would be a more probable outcome than deeper integration.
Once a wise individual said, The Metropolitan Museum of Art is unsurpassed at presenting more than 50 centuries of work. I go there constantly, seeing things over and over, better than I've ever seen them before.
Once a wise individual said, You don't change the course of history by turning the faces of portraits to the wall.
Once a wise individual said, Age is not important unless you're a cheese.
Once a wise individual said, Action conquers fear.
Once a wise individual said, My faith isn't very churchy, it's a pretty personal, intimate thing and has been a huge source of strength in moments of life and death.
Once a wise individual said, The gratification of desire is not happiness.
Once a wise individual said, My background is basically scientific math. My Dad was a physicist, so I have it in my blood somewhere. Scientific method is very important to me. I think anything that contradicts it is probably not true.
Once a wise individual said, Amnesty is as good for those who give it as for those who receive it. It has the admirable quality of bestowing mercy on both sides.
Once a wise individual said, My greatest point is my persistence. I never give up in a match. However down I am, I fight until the last ball. My list of matches shows that I have turned a great many so-called irretrievable defeats into victories.
Once a wise individual said, I am not officially involved now in the direction of the Teen Challenge ministry, but I rejoice that God permits me to be the father of these ministries.
Once a wise individual said, Suffering is one of life's great teachers.
Once a wise individual said, When you break up, your whole identity is shattered. It's like death.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes you're not even sure which of your stories were failures. There are things I've written that I thought were complete catastrophes when I finished with them that have gone on to generate some of my most positive feedback.
Once a wise individual said, It's good sportsmanship to not pick up lost golf balls while they are still rolling.
Once a wise individual said, We used to play music for fun. Much more than now. Now nobody picks up a guitar unless they're paid for it.
Once a wise individual said, Bachelors know more about women than married men if they didn't they'd be married too.
Once a wise individual said, If you're not a competitor, you've just got to go home.
Once a wise individual said, The best way of removing negativity is to laugh and be joyous.
Once a wise individual said, Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another.
Once a wise individual said, Humor is reason gone mad.
Once a wise individual said, The Founding Fathers in their wisdom decided that children were an unnatural strain on parents. So they provided jails called schools, equipped with tortures called an education.
Once a wise individual said, Man masters nature not by force but by understanding. This is why science has succeeded where magic failed: because it has looked for no spell to cast over nature.
Once a wise individual said, When we read stories of heroes, we identify with them. We take the journey with them. We see how the obstacles almost overcome them. We see how they grow as human beings or gain qualities or show great qualities of strength and courage and with them, we grow in some small way.
Once a wise individual said, And one who is just of his own free will shall not lack for happiness and he will never come to utter ruin.
Once a wise individual said, Always expect the unexpected. Right around Thanksgiving, when the new Alex Cross will be out. It's called Four Blind Mice and it's a pretty amazing story about several murders inside the military.
Once a wise individual said, I was in a really crummy pop-punk band. I think we did a whole bunch of Blink-182 covers, and we were on the fringe of losers and jocks. So we invited all the cool kids to come watch us play in our bass player's brother's bedroom. And it was terrible, but everyone thought we were so cool.
Once a wise individual said, The goal of all life is death.
Once a wise individual said, And as long as you're subject to birth and death, you'll never attain enlightenment.
Once a wise individual said, Don't forget Mother's Day. Or as they call it in Beverly Hills, Dad's Third Wife Day.
Once a wise individual said, Literary imagination is an aesthetic object offered by a writer to a lover of books.
Once a wise individual said, It's coming home to roost over the next 50 years or so. It's not just climate change it's sheer space, places to grow food for this enormous horde. Either we limit our population growth or the natural world will do it for us, and the natural world is doing it for us right now.
Once a wise individual said, When I first thought of the idea for 'Sweet Valley High,' I loved the idea of high school as microcosm of the real world. And what I really liked was how it moved things on from 'Sleeping Beauty'-esque romance novels where the girl had to wait for the hero. This would be girl-driven, very different, I decided - and indeed it is.
Once a wise individual said, First keep peace with yourself, then you can also bring peace to others.
Once a wise individual said, It's like gambling somehow. You go out for a night of drinking and you don't know where your going to end up the next day. It could work out good or it could be disastrous. It's like the throw of the dice.
Once a wise individual said, I don't hate women - they just sometimes make me mad.
Once a wise individual said, The Grateful Dead, they're my best friends. Their message of hope, peace, love, teamwork, creativity, imagination, celebration, the dance, the vision, the purpose, the passion all of the things I believe in makes me the luckiest Deadhead in the world.
Once a wise individual said, What a lovely surprise to finally discover how unlonely being alone can be.
Once a wise individual said, Every time a student walks past a really urgent, expressive piece of architecture that belongs to his college, it can help reassure him that he does have that mind, does have that soul.
Once a wise individual said, Bush reiterated his stand to conservatives opposing his decision on stem cell research. He said today he believes life begins at conception and ends at execution.
Once a wise individual said, We've seen the kind of social impact a professional sports team has on a city. A team brings high-profile role models into your community who are healthy and they're great images for the city to gravitate toward, especially for kids.
Once a wise individual said, If a man cannot do brain work without stimulants of any kind, he had better turn to hand work it is an indication on Nature's part that she did not mean him to be a head worker.
Once a wise individual said, Christmas renews our youth by stirring our wonder. The capacity for wonder has been called our most pregnant human faculty, for in it are born our art, our science, our religion.
Once a wise individual said, I'm really enjoying the process of learning to fly. How it will fit into my life down the road - I'm looking forward to discovering that.
Once a wise individual said, If there are finer beings than German short hairs, I don't know what they are. In their eyes is peace.
Once a wise individual said, And so I look at it as a relationship that I have with him that I want to give him the honor and glory anytime I have the opportunity. And then right after I give him the honor and glory, I always try to give my teammates the honor and glory. And that's how it works because Christ comes first in my life, and then my family, and then my teammates.
Once a wise individual said, I've got a new relationship and I'm trapped in this old life.
Once a wise individual said, I thought Erica Jong's Fear of Flying was one of the biggest pieces of crap that I've ever read in my life.
Once a wise individual said, The Left regards the Constitution as defective and outmoded - in part because it impedes the government's ability to control institutions, like churches and families, which stand between the state and individuals.
Once a wise individual said, I had a little insight into life that most kids probably didn't have. My mother was a schoolteacher, and my father was a social worker. Through his eyes I saw the underside of society.
Once a wise individual said, There are a number of mechanical devices which increase sexual arousal, particularly in women. Chief among these is the Mercedes-Benz 380SL convertible.
Once a wise individual said, Science and vision are not opposites or even at odds. They need each other. I sometimes hear other startup folks say something along the lines of: 'If entrepreneurship was a science, then anyone could do it.' I'd like to point out that even science is a science, and still very few people can do it, let alone do it well.
Once a wise individual said, Musicals are, by nature, theatrical, meaning poetic, meaning having to move the audience's imagination and create a suspension of disbelief, by which I mean there's no fourth wall.
Once a wise individual said, The present structure of rewards in high schools produces a response on the part of an adolescent social system which effectively impedes the process of education.
Once a wise individual said, As to happiness in this life it is hardly compatible with that diminished respect which ever attends the relinquishing of labour.
Once a wise individual said, The power of the white world is threatened whenever a black man refuses to accept the white world's definitions.
Once a wise individual said, Death is the golden key that opens the palace of eternity.
Once a wise individual said, Buyers decide in the first eight seconds of seeing a home if they're interested in buying it. Get out of your car, walk in their shoes and see what they see within the first eight seconds.
Once a wise individual said, I think you can tell the food is close to my heart, too, because I'm doing what I do best.
Once a wise individual said, What is normally called religion is what I would tend to call music - participating in music, listening to music, making records and singing.
Once a wise individual said, When I was young I thought that money was the most important thing in life now that I am old I know that it is.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness is a thing to be practiced, like the violin.
Once a wise individual said, Sound character provides the power with which a person may ride the emergencies of life instead of being overwhelmed by them. Failure is... the highway to success.
Once a wise individual said, Boxing has become America's tragic theater.
Once a wise individual said, What I'm doing is art - it's low-brow art but there's a magic in that.
Once a wise individual said, To know how to grow old is the master work of wisdom, and one of the most difficult chapters in the great art of living.
Once a wise individual said, Critics? Don't talk to me of critics! You think some jackanapes journalist, his soul eaten away by the maggots of jealousy and failure, has anything worthwhile to say of art? I don't.
Once a wise individual said, We may smile at these matters, but they are melancholy illustrations.
Once a wise individual said, Sinn Fein has demonstrated the ability to play a leadership role as part of a popular movement towards peace, equality and justice.
Once a wise individual said, If one plays good music, people don't listen and if one plays bad music people don't talk.
Once a wise individual said, I was dating this guy and we would spend all day text messaging each other. And he thought that he could tell that he liked me more because he actually spelt the word 'YOU' and I just put the letter 'U'.
Once a wise individual said, Although a soldier by profession, I have never felt any sort of fondness for war, and I have never advocated it, except as a means of peace.
Once a wise individual said, Women will only have true equality when men share with them the responsibility of bringing up the next generation.
Once a wise individual said, All this stuff is so mind-blowing to me that I get to do in my life. Throwing the first pitch out at the White Sox game on a random Wednesday? Like who am I? How did I get this life? I'm glad I'm not jaded, and little kids are the least jaded people in the entire world, so it's fun to be around people that still find wonder in how cool things are.
Once a wise individual said, I have long known that it is part of God's plan for me to spend a little time with each of the most stupid people on earth.
Once a wise individual said, Good buildings come from good people, ad all problems are solved by good design.
Once a wise individual said, A person needs at intervals to separate himself from family and companions and go to new places. He must go without his familiars in order to be open to influences, to change.
Once a wise individual said, Let's face it - think of Africa, and the first images that come to mind are of war, poverty, famine and flies. How many of us really know anything at all about the truly great ancient African civilizations, which in their day, were just as splendid and glorious as any on the face of the earth?
Once a wise individual said, A sense of duty is useful in work but offensive in personal relations. People wish to be liked, not to be endured with patient resignation.
Once a wise individual said, I once sang 'Summer Nights,' from 'Grease,' at a bar in Melbourne with John Travolta, who's a good friend of mine. He looked cool singing the part of Danny - sitting in an armchair, smoking a cigar - while I got stuck playing Sandy.
Once a wise individual said, Our government has made a number of promises to the men and women who served in our nation's armed forces. Sadly, these promises of health care, education and other benefits have existed more in rhetoric than in reality.
Once a wise individual said, Growing up in Huntington Beach, you were either a traditional sports athlete, a skateboarder, or a surfer. I got my first skateboard when I was five and skated off and on over the years, did a little BMX racing as a kid, and then in my freshman or sophomore year I started getting a little bit more into skateboarding.
Once a wise individual said, And as a character, what I found very inspiring about playing Dharma, especially at that time, is that the women on television were more neurotic than they were free. And I thought, this is a rare bird and this is unique on television and I think it's really refreshing.
Once a wise individual said, An artist is somebody who produces things that people don't need to have.
Once a wise individual said, When I wake up in the morning, I feel just like any other insecure 24-year-old girl.
Once a wise individual said, Knowledge is true opinion.
Once a wise individual said, For years, I never knowingly went on a holiday. When I travelled, it was for work. Now I am a huge advocate, particularly to places which have amazing wildlife, such as Antarctica, India and Patagonia.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is the art of uniting pleasure with truth.
Once a wise individual said, If a country is to be corruption free and become a nation of beautiful minds, I strongly feel there are three key societal members who can make a difference. They are the father, the mother and the teacher.
Once a wise individual said, I'd love it if American kids were listening to Muslim music.
Once a wise individual said, The love that lasts longest is the love that is never returned.
Once a wise individual said, I've always enjoyed poor health.
Once a wise individual said, But America was founded on the principle that every person has God-given rights. That power belongs to the people. That government exists to protect our rights and serve our interests.That we shouldn't be trapped in the circumstances of our birth. That we should be free to go as far as our talents and work can take us.
Once a wise individual said, I definitely love women. They are more attractive to the naked eye.
Once a wise individual said, Your body is the church where Nature asks to be reverenced.
Once a wise individual said, We get strength and encouragement from watching children.
Once a wise individual said, I hope that what you take away from my album is not just the music - which I did want to be fun, and I did want it to be about individuality, but please also take away from it that there's no dream that's too big.
Once a wise individual said, In view of China's growing military strength and intentions, the best way to safeguard Asia's permanent peace and prosperity is to have all Asian countries join forces with other democratic countries in the world to form a global community of democracies.
Once a wise individual said, When I got political that blew our marriage out of the water. I was not the same person and I admit that.
Once a wise individual said, A pint of sweat, saves a gallon of blood.
Once a wise individual said, A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
Once a wise individual said, Old age has its pleasures, which, though different, are not less than the pleasures of youth.
Once a wise individual said, The doors of wisdom are never shut.
Once a wise individual said, My generation of bossy, confident, baby-boom women were something brand new in history. Our energy and assertiveness weren't created by Betty Friedan, unknown before her 1963 book, or by Gloria Steinem, whose political activism, as even the Lifetime profile admitted, did not begin until 1969.
Once a wise individual said, Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage is a very good thing, but I think it's a mistake to make a habit out of it.
Once a wise individual said, How can you tell when a political ideology has become the equivalent of a religion?
Once a wise individual said, Many people die with their music still in them. Why is this so? Too often it is because they are always getting ready to live. Before they know it, time runs out.
Once a wise individual said, Wisdom we know is the knowledge of good and evil, not the strength to choose between the two.
Once a wise individual said, More and more companies are reaching out to their suppliers and contractors to work jointly on issues of sustainability, environmental responsibility, ethics, and compliance.
Once a wise individual said, True intelligence requires fabulous imagination.
Once a wise individual said, We don't attempt to have any theme for a number of the anthology, or to have any particular sequence. We just put in things that we like, and then we try to alternate the prose and the poetry.
Once a wise individual said, Take pride in your work at all times. Remember, respect for an umpire is created off the field as well as on.
Once a wise individual said, We can reach our potential, but to do so, we must reach within ourselves. We must summon the strength, the will, and the faith to move forward - to be bold - to invest in our future.
Once a wise individual said, The TV business is uglier than most things. It is normally perceived as some kind of cruel and shallow money trench through the heart of the journalism industry, a long plastic hallway where thieves and pimps run free and good men die like dogs, for no good reason.
Once a wise individual said, Look, I think Hispanic community - the values that resonate in our community are fundamentally conservative. They are faith, family and patriotism.
Once a wise individual said, The Fuhrer alone is the present and future German reality and its law. Learn to know ever more deeply: from now on every single thing demands decision, and every action responsibility.
Once a wise individual said, My goal wasn't to make a ton of money. It was to build good computers.
Once a wise individual said, In seeking wisdom thou art wise in imagining that thou hast attained it - thou art a fool.
Once a wise individual said, It is rather for us here dedicated to the great task remaining before us, that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion.
Once a wise individual said, We can't have a failure in Iraq, but we also can't be there for the next 10 years because if we are, it's going to become, I think, a failure in and of itself.
Once a wise individual said, I suppose when they reach a certain age some men are afraid to grow up. It seems the older the men get, the younger their new wives get.
Once a wise individual said, What made women's labour particularly attractive to the capitalists was not only its lower price but also the greater submissiveness of women.
Once a wise individual said, Mystery is gone to the certainty of technological principles. So the real terror, the real aggression against life comes in the form of the pursuit of our technological happiness.
Once a wise individual said, War can be avoided, and it ought to be avoided. I want no war.
Once a wise individual said, God cannot alter the past, though historians can.
Once a wise individual said, With While You Were Sleeping, it was so much fun and such a Cinderella story, that I didn't want to do another romantic comedy. I wanted to do the opposite.
Once a wise individual said, I think women don't grow up with the harsh world of criticism that men grow up with, we are more sensitively treated, and when you first experience the world of film-making you have to develop a very tough skin.
Once a wise individual said, But even in the Christian religion, much of its real meaning is hidden by words that are misleading and symbols that but few understand.
Once a wise individual said, The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder.
Once a wise individual said, The Christian religion not only was at first attended with miracles, but even at this day cannot be believed by any reasonable person without one.
Once a wise individual said, People don't want to see women doing things they don't think women should do.
Once a wise individual said, On the other hand, the waging of peace as a science, as an art, is in its infancy. But we can trace its growth, its steady progress, and the time will come when there will be particular individuals designated to assume responsibility for and leadership of this movement.
Once a wise individual said, Music is well said to be the speech of angels.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not just a boy toy. I have feelings and dreams like anybody else.
Once a wise individual said, I used to wonder if it was God's plan that I should be alone for so much of my life. But I found peace. I found happiness within people and the world.
Once a wise individual said, We need fundamental change. In the past, national development led to people's happiness but now the link between national growth and improvement in people's lives has been severed.
Once a wise individual said, The hate of men will pass, and dictators die, and the power they took from the people will return to the people. And so long as men die, liberty will never perish.
Once a wise individual said, Everyone comes up to me saying, 'Cooee, Julie! Hello!' as if I know them. Of course I don't bloody know them. Am I flummoxed by it? Sometimes. I think, 'Ooh, love, go easy.' For a time, I did feel this pressure that I had to be funny, but it passes.
Once a wise individual said, Religion is not only a part of education, an element of humanity, but the center of everything else, always the first and the ultimate, the absolutely original.
Once a wise individual said, We especially need imagination in science. It is not all mathematics, nor all logic, but it is somewhat beauty and poetry.
Once a wise individual said, The fact of the matter is that when there are feelings involved and you like someone, it doesn't matter if you're an actor, a teacher, a doctor, a lawyer, a receptionist - you can't really help it when you have feelings for someone.
Once a wise individual said, Everyone thinks they're going to write one book of poems or one novel.
Once a wise individual said, Genteel women suppose that those things do not really exist about which it is impossible to talk in polite company.
Once a wise individual said, He was gifted with the sly, sharp instinct for self-preservation that passes for wisdom among the rich.
Once a wise individual said, I was embarrassed that I even wanted to become an actress because coming from L.A., with two older sisters in the business and a mom who had been a ballet dancer, it was such a cliche.
Once a wise individual said, When you're a mom and you have three children, nothing bothers you. Trust me. Who cares what people say? I've got other things to deal with.
Once a wise individual said, It is statistically proven that the strongest institution that guarantees procreation and continuity of the generations is marriage between one man and one woman. We don't want genocide. We don't want to destroy the sacred institution of marriage.
Once a wise individual said, Sinn Fein has demonstrated the ability to play a leadership role as part of a popular movement towards peace, equality and justice.
Once a wise individual said, I was asked to act when I couldn't act. I was asked to sing 'Funny Face' when I couldn't sing, and dance with Fred Astaire when I couldn't dance - and do all kinds of things I wasn't prepared for. Then I tried like mad to cope with it.
Once a wise individual said, The exact contrary of what is generally believed is often the truth.
Once a wise individual said, I have always liked the idea of going to print because a big part of what we are about is to disseminate knowledge throughout the world and not just to people who have broadband.
Once a wise individual said, I know a lot of people dread going to work every morning, but my work is playing pretend and doing stunts and screaming. It's a lot of fun and I get to play dress up. Every day is exciting and different and new and cool. I couldn't be more grateful.
Once a wise individual said, The parent knows instinctively that if they're working and setting an example for their child that means that child is more likely to be in school, more likely to stay out of trouble and more likely to complete their education.
Once a wise individual said, Travel is the most private of pleasures. There is no greater bore than the travel bore. We do not in the least want to hear what he has seen in Hong Kong.
Once a wise individual said, My mom, Irmelin, taught me the value of life. Her own life was saved by my grandmother during World War II.
Once a wise individual said, Without freedom of the press, there can be no representative government.
Once a wise individual said, I grew up very religious, and I don't have a great relationship with religion.
Once a wise individual said, The opposite of courage in our society is not cowardice, it is conformity.
Once a wise individual said, An artist cannot fail it is a success to be one.
Once a wise individual said, I think a lot of people get so obsessed with the wedding and the expense of the wedding that they miss out on what the real purpose is. It's not about a production number, it's about a meaningful moment between two people that's witnessed by people that they actually really know and care about.
Once a wise individual said, We are approaching a new age of synthesis. Knowledge cannot be merely a degree or a skill... it demands a broader vision, capabilities in critical thinking and logical deduction without which we cannot have constructive progress.
Once a wise individual said, I try to speak in everyday language. I feel like God has gifted me to take Bible principles and make them practical.
Once a wise individual said, We know that when people are safe in their homes, they are free to pursue their dream for a brighter economic future for themselves and their families.
Once a wise individual said, In reality, Republicans have long been at war with clean energy. They have ridiculed investments in solar and wind power, bashed energy-efficiency standards, attacked state moves to promote renewable energy and championed laws that would enshrine taxpayer subsidies for fossil fuels while stripping them from wind and solar.
Once a wise individual said, From a commercial point of view, if Christmas did not exist it would be necessary to invent it.
Once a wise individual said, Any time women come together with a collective intention, it's a powerful thing. Whether it's sitting down making a quilt, in a kitchen preparing a meal, in a club reading the same book, or around the table playing cards, or planning a birthday party, when women come together with a collective intention, magic happens.
Once a wise individual said, 'Get a Job' is about all the rich kids we knew when we were younger, kids who never had jobs but always had money for partying or getting their hair done.
Once a wise individual said, There is no subject on which more dangerous nonsense is talked and thought than marriage.
Once a wise individual said, Let us not be satisfied with just giving money. Money is not enough, money can be got, but they need your hearts to love them. So, spread your love everywhere you go.
Once a wise individual said, The point of power is always in the present moment.
Once a wise individual said, I know what the attitudes of the readers are: These are guys who love women and respect women.
Once a wise individual said, When I was in college, I used to write little ditties and short stories and poetry for my friends. Writing a book is another thing. It is so much different from my traditional day of dirty fingernails and greasy hair and hot pans.
Once a wise individual said, The human race is governed by its imagination.
Once a wise individual said, Fixing health care and fixing the economy are two sides of the same coin.
Once a wise individual said, You know when something feels so good but you're afraid to feel good about it? So you kinda hold back? Everyone says, Congratulations, you must be so happy. And you say something stupid like, I'm just doing what little I can with what little I have.
Once a wise individual said, Camping is nature's way of promoting the motel business.
Once a wise individual said, I had everything I'd hoped for, but I wasn't being myself. So I decided to be honest about who I was. It was strange: The people who loved me for being funny suddenly didn't like me for being... me.
Once a wise individual said, Sports broadcasting is very open now. In the beginning you did encounter more traditional attitudes and get comments. But I'm talking about 12 years ago.
Once a wise individual said, This dullness of vision regarding the importance of the general welfare to the individual is the measure of the failure of our schools and churches to teach the spiritual significance of genuine democracy.
Once a wise individual said, Old age: the crown of life, our play's last act.
Once a wise individual said, A series of rumors about my attitude, as well as derogatory remarks about myself and my family showed me that the personal resentment of the Detroit general manager toward me would make it impossible for me to continue playing hockey in Detroit.
Once a wise individual said, You have to be positive, and I'm not just talking about athletics, this also applies to life.
Once a wise individual said, Looking after my health today gives me a better hope for tomorrow.
Once a wise individual said, Life is suffering. Life is not resistance to suffering. The point of life is to suffer. This is why we're here: We're here to suffer. I believe in a higher power that compassionately allows suffering for us as a race, to grow and mature.
Once a wise individual said, Here in America we are descended in blood and in spirit from revolutionists and rebels - men and women who dare to dissent from accepted doctrine. As their heirs, may we never confuse honest dissent with disloyal subversion.
Once a wise individual said, The natural state of motherhood is unselfishness. When you become a mother, you are no longer the center of your own universe. You relinquish that position to your children.
Once a wise individual said, My grandmother was a kind of Scarsdale, New York, society woman, best known in her day as the author of the 1959 book 'Growing Your Own Way: An Informal Guide for Teen-Agers' - this despite being a person whose parenting style made Joan Crawford's wire hangers look like pool noodles.
Once a wise individual said, The engine of ancient society was religion but the engine of contemporary society, as I see it, is advertising.
Once a wise individual said, The most important thing in the world is family and love.
Once a wise individual said, You hit a certain age and - especially because of TV - the young cooks coming up say, 'You're a sellout, because you're doing something other than what you should be doing.' 'Top Chef' is a double-edged sword for me: There's a whole group of people who will not come to the restaurants because they assume I'm not in them anymore, all I do is TV.
Once a wise individual said, A boy's story is the best that is ever told.
Once a wise individual said, Are we changing the idea of what beauty is? Let's hope so. I'm not the typical Hollywood beauty. Let's hope we're looking at the insides of people a little more.
Once a wise individual said, The thing people don't understand is that touring or travelling or whatever you do in my position means you go to all these cool places all over the world, but you see everything from a car window. You don't get to see much of the city or meet people at all.
Once a wise individual said, Why am I so famous? What am I doing right? What are the others doing wrong?
Once a wise individual said, I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen.
Once a wise individual said, I maintain that Truth is a pathless land, and you cannot approach it by any path whatsoever, by any religion, by any sect.
Once a wise individual said, I hope the millions of people I've touched have the optimism and desire to share their goals and hard work and persevere with a positive attitude.
Once a wise individual said, When you do find humor in trying times, one of the first and most important changes you experience is that you see your perplexing problems in a new way - you suddenly have a new perspective on them.
Once a wise individual said, Nature always wears the colors of the spirit.
Once a wise individual said, I didn't get into skating to be famous.
Once a wise individual said, I have the opportunity to be part of swimming history. To take the sport to a new level would be an honor for me. There's no better time to try this than now.
Once a wise individual said, No matter how vast, how total, the failure of man here on earth, the work of man will be resumed elsewhere. War leaders talk of resuming operations on this front and that, but man's front embraces the whole universe.
Once a wise individual said, When men and women agree, it is only in their conclusions their reasons are always different.
Once a wise individual said, We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it.
Once a wise individual said, When we criticize in Iran the actions of the government, the fundamentalists say that we and the Bush Administration are in the same camp. The funny thing is that human rights activists and Mr. Bush can never be situated in the same group.
Once a wise individual said, Thus, the standard library will serve as both a tool and as a teacher.
Once a wise individual said, My father was a teacher, and there were teachers all around, his friends, they were working for the Government and their behaviour was within strictly limited areas.
Once a wise individual said, Live as if you were living a second time, and as though you had acted wrongly the first time.
Once a wise individual said, If you look at U.S. history through religious history, there is very much a motif that shows the importance religion has played in the U.S. We're a very religious country and it affects the way we look at various political issues.
Once a wise individual said, But being in the closet uniquely assisted me in politics. From my first run for the state legislature until my election as governor, all too often I was not leading but following my best guess at public opinion.
Once a wise individual said, It is possible that mankind is on the threshold of a golden age but, if so, it will be necessary first to slay the dragon that guards the door, and this dragon is religion.
Once a wise individual said, Being brilliant is no great feat if you respect nothing.
Once a wise individual said, Your personality as the prime minister feeds through to what you emphasise, and what you don't, how you'll handle a situation - whether you've got the combination of intelligence or instincts to adapt and to make good decisions.
Once a wise individual said, So foolish is the heart of man that he ever puts his hope in the future, learning nothing from his past errors and fancying that tomorrow must be better than today.
Once a wise individual said, I've always been too hard on myself to behave like I've arrived or even to enjoy whatever success I've had. I've always envisioned myself higher than where I was and I still do. With each success I think, 'That's nice but I'm supposed to go there!'
Once a wise individual said, One of the functions of intelligence is to take account of the dangers that come from trusting solely to the intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, The radical novelty of modern science lies precisely in the rejection of the belief... that the forces which move the stars and atoms are contingent upon the preferences of the human heart.
Once a wise individual said, I think art is the only thing that's spiritual in the world. And I refuse to forced to believe in other people's interpretations of God. I don't think anybody should be. No one person can own the copyright to what God means.
Once a wise individual said, And inasmuch as the bridge is a symbol of all such poetry as I am interested in writing it is my present fancy that a year from now I'll be more contented working in an office than ever before.
Once a wise individual said, Most of the debate over the cultures of death and life is about process. The debate focuses on the technology available to determine how we prolong life and how and when we end it.
Once a wise individual said, I have known war as few men now living know it. It's very destructiveness on both friend and foe has rendered it useless as a means of settling international disputes.
Once a wise individual said, Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
Once a wise individual said, I feel there is something unexplored about woman that only a woman can explore.
Once a wise individual said, Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace.
Once a wise individual said, Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.
Once a wise individual said, The history of progress is written in the blood of men and women who have dared to espouse an unpopular cause, as, for instance, the black man's right to his body, or woman's right to her soul.
Once a wise individual said, We are dealing with the best-educated generation in history. But they've got a brain dressed up with nowhere to go.
Once a wise individual said, It's good that the first half of the speech emphasized freedom, because George W. Bush has been the global champion for freedom. As he said, if we don't fight tyranny it will not leave us alone in peace.
Once a wise individual said, Inside myself is a place where I live all alone and that is where I renew my springs that never dry up.
Once a wise individual said, Sally Field looks amazing in general, never mind her age! She's a phenomenally talented actress and has had a career spanning so many decades.
Once a wise individual said, I continue to believe that the American people have a love-hate relationship with inflation. They hate inflation but love everything that causes it.
Once a wise individual said, I'm happy that I feel a little less out of place in filmmaking than I once was - but it's almost impossible for a playwright in the U.S. to make a living. You can have a play, like I did with 'Angels,' and it still generates income for me, but it's not enough for me to live on and have health insurance.
Once a wise individual said, The reason I never give up hope is because everything is so basically hopeless.
Once a wise individual said, Government exists to protect us from each other. Where government has gone beyond its limits is in deciding to protect us from ourselves.
Once a wise individual said, The best government is a benevolent tyranny tempered by an occasional assassination.
Once a wise individual said, Corporations are not in business to be social-welfare organizations they are there to make money.
Once a wise individual said, Learning is acquired by reading books, but the much more necessary learning, the knowledge of the world, is only to be acquired by reading men, and studying all the various facets of them.
Once a wise individual said, At some point in life the world's beauty becomes enough. You don't need to photograph, paint or even remember it. It is enough.
Once a wise individual said, Procrastination is one of the most common and deadliest of diseases and its toll on success and happiness is heavy.
Once a wise individual said, I love chicken. I would eat chicken fingers on Thanksgiving if it were socially acceptable.
Once a wise individual said, Excessive fear is always powerless.
Once a wise individual said, In our age there is no such thing as 'keeping out of politics.' All issues are political issues, and politics itself is a mass of lies, evasions, folly, hatred and schizophrenia.
Once a wise individual said, Except for politics, no business is scrutinized more exhaustively than journalism.
Once a wise individual said, I think it's really cool, but Jimmy Eat World and Gin Blossoms did it better than anyone. People don't realize just how awesome the Arizona history is, especially for alternative music. Growing up, that's all I ever wanted to be was those two bands.
Once a wise individual said, I wanted to be the kind of woman who would attract a certain kind of man that I could respect. That was my thinking. It had to do with the kind of couple I would be a part of.
Once a wise individual said, Religion has done love a great service by making it a sin.
Once a wise individual said, No community values entrepreneurship and small business more than the Hispanic community.
Once a wise individual said, The three great elemental sounds in nature are the sound of rain, the sound of wind in a primeval wood, and the sound of outer ocean on a beach.
Once a wise individual said, In the year since we brought things into the open with a clean breath of fresh air at City Hall, we have learned about corrupt spending practices and unethical conflicts of interest that waste your money... and keep Dallas from being the great city of our dreams.
Once a wise individual said, Now I need to take a piece of wood and make it sound like the railroad track, but I also had to make it beautiful and lovable so that a person playing it would think of it in terms of his mistress, a bartender, his wife, a good psychiatrist - whatever.
Once a wise individual said, The world of science and the world of literature have much in common. Each is an international club, helping to tie mankind together across barriers of nationality, race and language. I have been doubly lucky, being accepted as a member of both.
Once a wise individual said, When you sing with a group of people, you learn how to subsume yourself into a group consciousness because a capella singing is all about the immersion of the self into the community. That's one of the great feelings - to stop being me for a little while and to become us. That way lies empathy, the great social virtue.
Once a wise individual said, Women should stop going for the bad guys, stop looking so far when the good ones are right there.
Once a wise individual said, Women have talent and intelligence but, due to social constraints and prejudices, it is still a long distance away from the goal of gender equality.
Once a wise individual said, Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods.
Once a wise individual said, I feel like I've lived quite a sheltered life, like my mom and dad were quite protective of me.
Once a wise individual said, It's time for Haitians to have access to health care. It's time to open our borders to the Haitian diaspora, open our markets to the world. It's time to open our country to potential investors.
Once a wise individual said, Small debts are like small shot they are rattling on every side, and can scarcely be escaped without a wound: great debts are like cannon of loud noise, but little danger.
Once a wise individual said, After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
Once a wise individual said, The game of golf would lose a great deal if croquet mallets and billiard cues were allowed on the putting green.
Once a wise individual said, And it's one thing to give people freedom and something else to deny the rights of Christians to assert their faith in order to keep Hindus from feeling upset.
Once a wise individual said, It takes people a while to trust you.
Once a wise individual said, If you don't get noticed, you don't have anything. You just have to be noticed, but the art is in getting noticed naturally, without screaming or without tricks.
Once a wise individual said, Do I have a long-term plan? Kind of. I have a general direction, I think. But it's funny what comes down the pike.
Once a wise individual said, Only time, education and plenty of good schooling will make anti-segregation work.
Once a wise individual said, Given political history in Chile, it seemed to me that there was a critical task of consolidating a democracy and creating healthy civic-military and political-military relationships.
Once a wise individual said, Ideas are the great warriors of the world, and a war that has no idea behind it, is simply a brutality.
Once a wise individual said, When I am abroad, I always make it a rule never to criticize or attack the government of my own country. I make up for lost time when I come home.
Once a wise individual said, The experience gathered from books, though often valuable, is but the nature of learning whereas the experience gained from actual life is one of the nature of wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, I write for those women who do not speak, for those who do not have a voice because they were so terrified, because we are taught to respect fear more than ourselves. We've been taught that silence would save us, but it won't.
Once a wise individual said, My health is the No. 1 concern and my longevity is the No. 1 concern.
Once a wise individual said, The U.S. states that allow for citizens' initiatives tend to have fewer laws and lower taxes than the ones that don't. But the beauty of the system is that it encourages the spread of best practice.
Once a wise individual said, I've had moments where I realize my body isn't going to withstand many more seasons, but I am very satisfied with my career and I am trying not to look at retirement as a sad thing.
Once a wise individual said, Those who find beauty in all of nature will find themselves at one with the secrets of life itself.
Once a wise individual said, For her fifth wedding, the bride wore black and carried a scotch and soda.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness is neither virtue nor pleasure nor this thing nor that but simply growth, We are happy when we are growing.
Once a wise individual said, The speed of change makes you wonder what will become of architecture.
Once a wise individual said, I am a voyager - and the voyage cannot mean that I stay at home.
Once a wise individual said, After doing 'Firefly' and moving on, I always wanted to be part of a series again. I love doing films, too, but there's just something special about being part of the team and feeling like you're actually a part of the family, and I always look to re-create that.
Once a wise individual said, As we look forward to freedom, the shining city on the hill and the best days of America lying ahead, it is the men and women in uniform who protect, defend and make us proud to whom we should look and give thanks every night.
Once a wise individual said, Women who marry early are often overly enamored of the kind of man who looks great in wedding pictures and passes the maid of honor his telephone number.
Once a wise individual said, That is what we are supposed to do when we are at our best - make it all up - but make it up so truly that later it will happen that way.
Once a wise individual said, Leaders have to act more quickly today. The pressure comes much faster.
Once a wise individual said, Obviously, in dealing with a relationship, sexuality has to be involved, and jealousy and emotions like that. And I don't know, I've always been intrigued by those emotions.
Once a wise individual said, In solitude the mind gains strength and learns to lean upon itself.
Once a wise individual said, The things that have always been important: to be a good man, to try to live my life the way God would have me, to turn it over to Him that His will might be worked in my life, to do my work without looking back, to give it all I've got, and to take pride in my work as an honest performer.
Once a wise individual said, The very atmosphere of firearms anywhere and everywhere restrains evil interference - they deserve a place of honor with all that's good.
Once a wise individual said, We like security: we like the pope to be infallible in matters of faith, and grave doctors to be so in moral questions so that we can feel reassured.
Once a wise individual said, The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.
Once a wise individual said, If you get too attached to how you want it to come out the other side, you freeze. I try to trust that it will work out in the end.
Once a wise individual said, The record company's worst fear is that you'll fall in love or get rich.
Once a wise individual said, We've been working now with computers and education for 30 years, computers in developing countries for 20 years, and trying to make low-cost machines for 10 years. This is not a sudden turn down the road.
Once a wise individual said, Patriotism, when it wants to make itself felt in the domain of learning, is a dirty fellow who should be thrown out of doors.
Once a wise individual said, My advice to someone to follow in my footsteps is to have patience. I've been doing this for twelve years.
Once a wise individual said, I really don't like to do back-to-back movies. I concentrate on things at home. My family and school life are important to me. I try to do one movie a year.
Once a wise individual said, The real act of marriage takes place in the heart, not in the ballroom or church or synagogue. It's a choice you make - not just on your wedding day, but over and over again - and that choice is reflected in the way you treat your husband or wife.
Once a wise individual said, We also have to make sure our children know the history of women. Tell them the rotten truth: It wasn't always possible for women to become doctors or managers or insurance people. Let them be armed with a true picture of the way we want it to be.
Once a wise individual said, Be of service. Whether you make yourself available to a friend or co-worker, or you make time every month to do volunteer work, there is nothing that harvests more of a feeling of empowerment than being of service to someone in need.
Once a wise individual said, You go to a show, and there's no food at all, so if you're doing shows back to back, you can forget eating. I remember standing up in the bath one day, and there was a mirror in front of me, and I was so thin! I hated it. I never liked being that skinny.
Once a wise individual said, This morning when I put on my underwear I could hear the fruit-of-the-loom guys laughing at me.
Once a wise individual said, Ofttimes the test of courage becomes rather to live than to die.
Once a wise individual said, Put your trust in God but be sure to keep your powder dry.
Once a wise individual said, The truth is, I think we are a self-less society, not a selfish society. Because we're so busy now.
Once a wise individual said, I've never been able to understand why a Republican contributor is a 'fat cat' and a Democratic contributor of the same amount of money is a 'public-spirited philanthropist'.
Once a wise individual said, I've had a good life. Enough happiness, enough success.
Once a wise individual said, My mom is at my house every day, and she nags me about everything, especially hygiene.
Once a wise individual said, When you have to get into the character each morning, give it your voice, your face, it was torture.
Once a wise individual said, What I like about cities is that everything is king size, the beauty and the ugliness.
Once a wise individual said, I have a life that I enjoy I try and value the things that I think are worth valuing and everything else is icing. You know, it is a kick to go down the red carpet in that dress and then you go back home.
Once a wise individual said, I'm proud of my invention, but I'm sad that it is used by terrorists.
Once a wise individual said, Tears are the silent language of grief.
Once a wise individual said, It's a fact that more people watch television and get their information that way than read books. I find new technology and new ways of communication very exciting and would like to do more in this field.
Once a wise individual said, Twin-sister of Religion, Selfishness.
Once a wise individual said, The movies that are made more thoughtfully or made or with more ambition often get just get drowned out by the noise.
Once a wise individual said, I credit poetry for making this space-walk possible.
Once a wise individual said, The best effort of a fine person is felt after we have left their presence.
Once a wise individual said, I had been impressed by the fact that biological systems were based on molecular machines and that we were learning to design and build these sorts of things.
Once a wise individual said, I didn't really get into golf until I was about 14. My mom and dad were taking lessons from a pro an hour and a half from our farm in Cohuna, Australia. When they got home, I'd ask my mom to explain everything they learned - drills and all.
Once a wise individual said, My relationship with my mom is really the single most profound relationship that I've ever had in my life.
Once a wise individual said, It is well that war is so terrible. We should grow too fond of it.
Once a wise individual said, They say I can open movies, and that's nice in that it puts into people's minds that women can do it. It's not just Kevin Costner, not just Arnold Schwarzenegger. Not just the guys.
Once a wise individual said, I'm confident - confident in my skin, and I'm cool with my flaws and all that stuff.
Once a wise individual said, True love doesn't come to you it has to be inside you.
Once a wise individual said, I hope for peace and sanity - it's the same thing.
Once a wise individual said, What I think we fear is rapid, pronounced, and uncontrollable changes to ourselves, and because of this we have a form of personality inertia - something that resists rapid change.
Once a wise individual said, The best liar is he who makes the smallest amount of lying go the longest way.
Once a wise individual said, Looking so cool, his greed is hard to conceal, he's fresh out of law school, you gave him a license to steal.
Once a wise individual said, Sitting down to a meal with an Indian family is different from sitting down to a meal with a British family.
Once a wise individual said, The question of religion was a matter for each individual's conscience, and in a great many cases was the outcome of birth or residence in a certain geographical area.
Once a wise individual said, I was a woman in a man's world. I was a Democrat in a Republican administration. I was an intellectual in a world of bureaucrats. I talked differently. This may have made me a bit like an ink blot.
Once a wise individual said, I don't want to be alone, I want to be left alone.
Once a wise individual said, I lead no party I follow no leader. I have given the best part of my life to careful study of Islam, its law and polity, its culture, its history and its literature.
Once a wise individual said, Whatever universe a professor believes in must at any rate be a universe that lends itself to lengthy discourse. A universe definable in two sentences is something for which the professorial intellect has no use. No faith in anything of that cheap kind!
Once a wise individual said, We are so obsessed with doing that we have no time and no imagination left for being. As a result, men are valued not for what they are but for what they do or what they have - for their usefulness.
Once a wise individual said, I design for myself and the first question I ask is, 'Would I wear it?'
Once a wise individual said, There is no austerity equal to a balanced mind, and there is no happiness equal to contentment there is no disease like covetousness, and no virtue like mercy.
Once a wise individual said, Error is acceptable as long as we are young but one must not drag it along into old age.
Once a wise individual said, Every man has a right to utter what he thinks truth, and every other man has a right to knock him down for it. Martyrdom is the test.
Once a wise individual said, Character isn't something you were born with and can't change, like your fingerprints. It's something you weren't born with and must take responsibility for forming.
Once a wise individual said, I've always believed that it's important to show a new look periodically. Predictability can lead to failure.
Once a wise individual said, My mom always said that if the Protestants catch a Catholic in their church, they feed them to the Jews.
Once a wise individual said, Fantasy is toxic: the private cruelty and the world war both have their start in the heated brain.
Once a wise individual said, The hedonistic lifestyle is difficult to achieve when you're still carrying your own gear. Trust me that you don't feel glamorous with a 60-pound amp in your arms it's a lot less sexy than toting a vodka gimlet and impossible to do in heels.
Once a wise individual said, Furthermore, we believe that health care reform, again I said at the beginning of my remarks, that we sent the three pillars that the President's economic stabilization and job creation initiatives were education and innovation - innovation begins in the classroom - clean energy and climate, addressing the climate issues in an innovative way to keep us number one and competitive in the world with the new technology, and the third, first among equals I may say, is health care, health insurance reform.
Once a wise individual said, I'm so wrapped up in my work that it's often impossible to consider other things in my life. My marriage ended in divorce because of this, my relationship with Holly has suffered by this.
Once a wise individual said, To write the lives of the great in separating them from their works necessarily ends by above all stressing their pettiness, because it is in their work that they have put the best of themselves.
Once a wise individual said, I think that men know how to romance a woman and most do it well, at least for a time, otherwise women wouldn't marry them. The problem is that most of them begin to rest on their laurels.
Once a wise individual said, Thankfully, beauty is easier to remove than apply, and a swipe of demaquillage in the right direction and you are you once again.
Once a wise individual said, Truth is the glue that holds government together.
Once a wise individual said, The two things I was positive about in life were that I was going to be a teacher at a boarding school or an operative with the CIA posted abroad. I could write a book about all the things I was sure about.
Once a wise individual said, I enjoyed in every way my 12 years of playing Archie, and I wasn't personally sad about finishing a long job.
Once a wise individual said, I am learning all the time. The tombstone will be my diploma.
Once a wise individual said, I can understand why some people might look at me and say, 'What's she got to be depressed about?' I get that a lot in Britain, where mental health issues seem to be a big taboo.
Once a wise individual said, Kinkade estimated that one of his paintings hung in every twenty homes in America. Yet the art world unanimously ignores or reviles him. Me included.
Once a wise individual said, I had no idea of the size of my bank account as a teen, and I didn't care to know. That was my mom's job, I figured that I would just find out when I turned 18. If you can't trust your mom, then who can you trust?
Once a wise individual said, You do need parental guidance and I was in a great position with both my mum and dad. They split when I was a baby but even though I stayed with my mom they were both very much involved in my upbringing.
Once a wise individual said, I want to thank all the women who have worn my clothes, the famous and the unknown, who have been so faithful to me and given me so much joy.
Once a wise individual said, Helplessness induces hopelessness, and history attests that loss of hope and not loss of lives is what decides the issue of war.
Once a wise individual said, What I've discovered is that in art, as in music, there's a lot of truth-and then there's a lie. The artist is essentially creating his work to make this lie a truth, but he slides it in amongst all the others. The tiny little lie is the moment I live for, my moment. It's the moment that the audience falls in love.
Once a wise individual said, One of the things I like best about 'Biggest Loser' is being around people who are trying to make the right choices. When you feel defeated about your weight and your health, like there's no hope, and you still make the choice to fight for it, to make the change happen no matter what people say or think, that's inspiring to me.
Once a wise individual said, Religious institutions should have religious freedom on this issue. No church or minister should ever have to conduct a marriage that is inconsistent with their religious beliefs. But I think as a civil institution, this issue's time has come and we need to move forward.
Once a wise individual said, The Wayne Education Building was the first classroom building that we have done on the Wayne campus.
Once a wise individual said, Now, if we look at the way in which the labor movement itself has evolved over the last couple of decades, we see increasing numbers of black people who are in the leadership of the labor movement and this is true today.
Once a wise individual said, I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.
Once a wise individual said, The good times of today, are the sad thoughts of tomorrow.
Once a wise individual said, A good politician is quite as unthinkable as an honest burglar.
Once a wise individual said, A quest for knowledge is not a war with faith spirituality is not usually an infelicitous amalgam of superstition and philistinism and moral relativism, taken outside midfield, leads inexorably both to heresy and to secular wickedness, which are often identical.
Once a wise individual said, Work harder on yourself than you do on your job.
Once a wise individual said, The only source of knowledge is experience.
Once a wise individual said, Science is for those who learn, poetry is for those who know.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage is about the most expensive way for the average man to get laundry done.
Once a wise individual said, I also believe that it is time to begin the fundamental analysis of how we got here, what led us here and what we need to do in order to ensure that we are equipped with the best possible intelligence as we face these issues in the future.
Once a wise individual said, Growing up, sports was my outlet, my way to portray a personality. I was very shy around people but, through sports, something I was good at, I was able to make friends.
Once a wise individual said, But despite the universality of URLs, we often forget that they're not just a handy way to address network resources. They're also valuable communication tools.
Once a wise individual said, There seems to be a terrible misunderstanding on the part of a great many people to the effect that when you cease to believe you may cease to behave.
Once a wise individual said, Ron Howard is as good a person as you could want to work with on film. He never lost his cool. He's the most easygoing, lovely man, but he's got this enormous intelligence and a wonderful humanity.
Once a wise individual said, Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.
Once a wise individual said, It is great folly to wish to be wise all alone.
Once a wise individual said, Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
Once a wise individual said, My dad had a personal style which was very attractive. It was quite reserved and quite elegant, and it was infectious.
Once a wise individual said, All men make mistakes, but married men find out about them sooner.
Once a wise individual said, The goodness of a thing created is the perfection of its fitness for the use which it serves. Now that use is either particular or universal.
Once a wise individual said, I believe God gives you the grace to do what you need to do.
Once a wise individual said, A women's greatest asset is her beauty.
Once a wise individual said, Frank is such a great visual storyteller, that if you study his artwork you see that his Sin City books are already the best movies never seen on the big screen.
Once a wise individual said, Lazy people tend not to take chances, but express themselves by tearing down other's work.
Once a wise individual said, There was a widespread indignation in the American media. They were saying, 'How can you make a movie during an election that's about politics? What are you doing? Are you trying to influence people's lives?' To which my response was, 'Well, I hope so.'
Once a wise individual said, My whole family's been in the business. My whole family is crazy.
Once a wise individual said, To me, the black black woman is our essential mother, the blacker she is the more us she is and to see the hatred that is turned on her is enough to make me despair, almost entirely, of our future as a people.
Once a wise individual said, If I felt, in the event of a royal wedding, inspired to write about people coming together in marriage or civil partnership, I would just be grateful to have an idea for the poem. And if I didn't, I'd ignore it.
Once a wise individual said, I shall not change my course because those who assume to be better than I desire it.
Once a wise individual said, Great artists are people who find the way to be themselves in their art. Any sort of pretension induces mediocrity in art and life alike.
Once a wise individual said, Every daring attempt to make a great change in existing conditions, every lofty vision of new possibilities for the human race, has been labeled Utopian.
Once a wise individual said, I haven't lost faith in human nature and I haven't decided to be less compassionate to strangers.
Once a wise individual said, The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art.
Once a wise individual said, To me age is a number, just a number. Who cares?
Once a wise individual said, Establishing lasting peace is the work of education all politics can do is keep us out of war.
Once a wise individual said, Doubt the conventional wisdom unless you can verify it with reason and experiment.
Once a wise individual said, Revenge is often like biting a dog because the dog bit you.
Once a wise individual said, What Churchill described as the twin marauders of war and tyranny have been almost entirely banished from our continent. Today, hundreds of millions dwell in freedom, from the Baltic to the Adriatic, from the Western Approaches to the Aegean.
Once a wise individual said, To live alone is the fate of all great souls.
Once a wise individual said, The university's business is the conservation of useless knowledge and what the university itself apparently fails to see is that this enterprise is not only noble but indispensable as well, that society can not exist unless it goes on.
Once a wise individual said, I have never been bored an hour in my life. I get up every morning wondering what new strange glamorous thing is going to happen and it happens at fairly regular intervals.
Once a wise individual said, It's a fundamental, social attitude that the 1% supports symphonies and operas and doesn't support Johnny learning to program hip-hop beats. When I put it like that, it sounds like, 'Well, yeah,' but you start to think, 'Why not, though?' What makes one more valuable than another?
Once a wise individual said, Everyone will experience the consequences of his own acts. If his act are right, he'll get good consequences if they're not, he'll suffer for it.
Once a wise individual said, To be as good as our fathers we must be better, imitation is not discipleship.
Once a wise individual said, Peace congresses often start by dealing with some of the less important questions in excessive detail, so at the end there is no time to discuss the most important problems.
Once a wise individual said, It is wise to direct your anger towards problems - not people to focus your energies on answers - not excuses.
Once a wise individual said, Congress has an obligation to protect our country's natural beauty, embodied in our nation's parks, rivers, and breathtaking landscapes.
Once a wise individual said, I've never really broken this down before, but, in movies, you almost have no connection to fans. And if you do TV, you're kind of connected, but they know you as the TV name not your real name. If you do radio, there's more of a bond there. And then if you do a podcast it's like you're literally inside of your fans.
Once a wise individual said, I've worked so hard to eliminate the inner geek from my life. I suddenly realize I have no patience for those people who still have their geeks showing. Now I see why being 'normal' has been so important to me.
Once a wise individual said, There's a sadness to the human condition that I think music is good for. It gives a counterpoint to the visual beauty, and adds depth to pictures that they wouldn't have if the music wasn't there.
Once a wise individual said, I was very restless. I really wanted to be a part of a kind of a progressive society. I was fed up with these Communist doctrines and you were hassled all the time with members of the Party committee who were KGB, what you have to do, where in the West you can go or not to go.
Once a wise individual said, I have never been able to grasp the meaning of time. I don't believe it exists. I've felt this again and again, when alone and out in nature. On such occasions, time does not exist. Nor does the future exist.
Once a wise individual said, The greatest self is a peaceful smile, that always sees the world smiling back.
Once a wise individual said, The earth is my altar, the sky is my dome, mind is my garden, the heart is my home and I'm always at home - yea, I'm always at Om.
Once a wise individual said, To look almost pretty is an acquisition of higher delight to a girl who has been looking plain for the first fifteen years of her life than a beauty from her cradle can ever receive.
Once a wise individual said, Wine hath drowned more men than the sea.
Once a wise individual said, If you can't make it good, at least make it look good.
Once a wise individual said, In marriage there are no manners to keep up, and beneath the wildest accusations no real criticism. Each is familiar with that ancient child in the other who may erupt again. We are not ridiculous to ourselves. We are ageless. That is the luxury of the wedding ring.
Once a wise individual said, The happiest women, like the happiest nations, have no history.
Once a wise individual said, I think everyone should experience defeat at least once during their career. You learn a lot from it.
Once a wise individual said, In all honesty, at that time, I never saw myself as an author... I was just a Mom in a state of panic, trying to enter a short story contest to win the prize money in order to keep the lights on in my home.
Once a wise individual said, A visit to a cinema is a little outing in itself. It breaks the monotony of an afternoon or evening it gives a change from the surroundings of home, however pleasant.
Once a wise individual said, No man's credit is as good as his money.
Once a wise individual said, For the sake of our health, our children and grandchildren and even our economic well-being, we must make protecting the planet our top priority.
Once a wise individual said, If you don't understand the details of your business you are going to fail.
Once a wise individual said, My parents are both very funny but they're also relatively soft-spoken, normal human beings while I'm just a lunatic. I don't know where this loud, ballsy, hammy ridiculousness came from. I'm just glad I followed my goals and my parents did too. It's not like we even had a plan when I dragged my mom to Los Angeles.
Once a wise individual said, I would hope that understanding and reconciliation are not limited to the 19th hole alone.
Once a wise individual said, The telephone is a 100-year-old technology. It's time for a change. Charging for phone calls is something you did last century.
Once a wise individual said, He who knows no hardships will know no hardihood. He who faces no calamity will need no courage. Mysterious though it is, the characteristics in human nature which we love best grow in a soil with a strong mixture of troubles.
Once a wise individual said, Bloomberg's $50 million is not going to revolutionize the electric power industry. But his willingness to fight is already inspiring others to see Big Coal differently.
Once a wise individual said, I think no artist can claim to have any access to the truth, or an authentic version of an event. But obviously they have slightly better means at their disposal because they have their art to energize whatever it is they're trying to write about. They have music.
Once a wise individual said, There is no city or country in the world where women and girls live free of the fear of violence. No leader can claim: 'this is not happening in my backyard.'
Once a wise individual said, A crust eaten in peace is better than a banquet partaken in anxiety.
Once a wise individual said, I am deeply convinced that happiness does not exist in this world.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage has been defined by every legislature that has ever sat in the United States from every State, now 50 States, the same way, but now we have unelected judges altering and changing that fundamental institution.
Once a wise individual said, We'll try to cooperate fully with the IRS, because, as citizens, we feel a strong patriotic duty not to go to jail.
Once a wise individual said, We all write poems it is simply that poets are the ones who write in words.
Once a wise individual said, Human nature is potentially aggressive and destructive and potentially orderly and constructive.
Once a wise individual said, I couldn't be an ingenue today, because the business has changed. I remember when you could dress for a premiere just by putting on a cute top. Now you have to be perfect and fabulous in every way, or you're ridiculed.
Once a wise individual said, If I eat a huge meal and I can get the girl to rub my belly, I think that's about as romantic as I can think of.
Once a wise individual said, There's something brave and touching about game girls of all ages keeping themselves smart in hard times - one thinks of those wonderful women during World War II drawing stocking seams in eyebrow pencil up the back of legs stained with gravy browning because nylons were so hard to get hold of.
Once a wise individual said, God has given us two hands, one to receive with and the other to give with.
Once a wise individual said, Charity should begin at home, but should not stay there.
Once a wise individual said, Actors always talk about taking their work home and I always think: 'What are you on? You just turn it off. You are at work and then you go home.'
Once a wise individual said, Democratic principles are the result of equality of condition.
Once a wise individual said, Above all, we must have great respect for these people who also suffer and who want to find their own way of correct living. On the other hand, to create a legal form of a kind of homosexual marriage, in reality, does not help these people.
Once a wise individual said, The monarchy is foremost a business, and it's important to them that the British public continue to finance the excessive luxurious lifestyles of the now quite enormous, wasteful and useless 'royal' family. I find it very sad.
Once a wise individual said, If you've got to my age, you've probably had your heart broken many times. So it's not that difficult to unpack a bit of grief from some little corner of your heart and cry over it.
Once a wise individual said, The natural liberty of man is to be free from any superior power on Earth, and not to be under the will or legislative authority of man, but only to have the law of nature for his rule.
Once a wise individual said, I feel that 'The Great Failure' is really a book written out of great love and a willingness to face all of who a human being is.
Once a wise individual said, The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.
Once a wise individual said, Somehow I kept my head above water. I relied on the discipline, character, and strength that I had started to develop as that little girl in her first swimming pool.
Once a wise individual said, You have to grow from the inside out. None can teach you, none can make you spiritual. There is no other teacher but your own soul.
Once a wise individual said, In my work you often get an abrupt shift in time, a jolt. But the emotional logic will take the reader on. I hope. I trust. After all, our memories do not work with any sequential logic.
Once a wise individual said, Failure is simply the non-presence of success. But a fiasco is a disaster of mythic proportions.
Once a wise individual said, Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.
Once a wise individual said, There is no knowledge, no light, no wisdom that you are in possession of, but what you have received it from some source.
Once a wise individual said, Some people hear their own inner voices with great clearness. And they live by what they hear. Such people become crazy... or they become legend.
Once a wise individual said, If God had wanted man to play soccer, he wouldn't have given us arms.
Once a wise individual said, My second husband believed I had such a fickle attitude to friendship that each Friday he would update the list of my 'Top Ten' friends in the manner of a Top Of The Pops chart countdown.
Once a wise individual said, My success was not based so much on any great intelligence but on great common sense.
Once a wise individual said, Dreaming men are haunted men.
Once a wise individual said, The progress of freedom depends more upon the maintenance of peace, the spread of commerce, and the diffusion of education, than upon the labors of cabinets and foreign offices.
Once a wise individual said, Belief is nothing but a more vivid, lively, forcible, firm, steady conception of an object, than what the imagination alone is ever able to attain.
Once a wise individual said, Education is the movement from darkness to light.
Once a wise individual said, A huge part of what animates homophobia among young people is paranoia and fear of their own capacity to be gay themselves.
Once a wise individual said, An artist is an artist only because of his exquisite sense of beauty, a sense which shows him intoxicating pleasures, but which at the same time implies and contains an equally exquisite sense of all deformities and all disproportion.
Once a wise individual said, It is by the goodness of God that in our country we have those three unspeakably precious things: freedom of speech, freedom of conscience, and the prudence never to practice either of them.
Once a wise individual said, The essence of romantic love is that wonderful beginning, after which sadness and impossibility may become the rule.
Once a wise individual said, By cutting critical domestic programs such as education, health, environmental protection, and veterans' services, this budget reveals misplaced priorities.
Once a wise individual said, Well in the book Carrie was my alter ego. In real life, Sarah Jessica and I don't look anything alike. But people do say that we sound alike. Sarah Jessica is an adorable girl and she is very funny.
Once a wise individual said, I still love doing what I do, and I'm really lucky to get up in the morning and want to go to work.
Once a wise individual said, On my visits back home, if they saw that I was getting a big head, they'd let me know right away.
Once a wise individual said, I try to decorate my imagination as much as I can.
Once a wise individual said, The relationship between husband and wife should be one of closest friends.
Once a wise individual said, I'm very conscious that I want the dance audience to respond and respect what I'm doing, so I'm always very true to the music and I honour the music in the way I see it - I don't mess around with the music.
Once a wise individual said, In externals we advance with lightening express speed, in modes of thought and sympathy we lumber on in stage-coach fashion.
Once a wise individual said, Even the most wretched individual of our present society could not exist and develop without the cumulative social efforts of countless generations.
Once a wise individual said, I still think of that guy I was without a wife or kids, and I still want to entertain that guy. The lonely guy, the frustrated guy, the guy with no money - this is the guy who needs to laugh.
Once a wise individual said, Other times you can get showy for three minutes, and that's OK with certain films. But that isn't right with an Ang Lee movie, you have to fit right in. You have to understand Ang, respect him and be part of the team and not be in charge of it - he is in charge of it.
Once a wise individual said, There comes a time when deceit and defiance must be seen for what they are. At that point, a gathering danger must be directly confronted. At that point, we must show that beyond our resolutions is actual resolve.
Once a wise individual said, Science fiction is any idea that occurs in the head and doesn't exist yet, but soon will, and will change everything for everybody, and nothing will ever be the same again. As soon as you have an idea that changes some small part of the world you are writing science fiction. It is always the art of the possible, never the impossible.
Once a wise individual said, It is difficult to accept death in this society because it is unfamiliar. In spite of the fact that it happens all the time, we never see it.
Once a wise individual said, World War II had a very important impact on the development of technology, as a whole.
Once a wise individual said, Belief in a cruel God makes a cruel man.
Once a wise individual said, A man is a god in ruins. When men are innocent, life shall be longer, and shall pass into the immortal, as gently as we awake from dreams.
Once a wise individual said, You can do very little with faith, but you can do nothing without it.
Once a wise individual said, When the question arose whether I, as a member of the royal family, should take part in active combat in the Falklands, there was no question in her mind, and it only took her two days to sort the issue.
Once a wise individual said, Have you ever heard a good joke? If you've ever heard someone just right, with the right pacing, then you're already on the way to poetry. It's about using words in very precise ways and using gesture.
Once a wise individual said, Disneyland will never be completed. It will continue to grow as long as there is imagination left in the world.
Once a wise individual said, I will either be famous or infamous.
Once a wise individual said, Language is the house of the truth of Being.
Once a wise individual said, Why should 20-year-olds only be considered sexy? I think we get better with age.
Once a wise individual said, Humor is by far the most significant activity of the human brain.
Once a wise individual said, It's been amazing, the number of commercials that I've done, starting back in 1968. It must be 8,000.
Once a wise individual said, In real love you want the other person's good. In romantic love, you want the other person.
Once a wise individual said, I had never done anything with blue screen before, or prosthetics, or anything like that. Lord of the Rings was like stepping into a videogame for me. It was another world completely. But, to be honest, I basically did it so that I could have the ears. I thought they would really work with my bare head.Working with Martin Scorsese was an absolute minute-by-minute education without him ever being grandiose about it.
Once a wise individual said, Age is not a particularly interesting subject. Anyone can get old. All you have to do is live long enough.
Once a wise individual said, I have not supported same-sex marriage. I have supported civil partnerships and contractual relationships.
Once a wise individual said, Of course, everybody makes mistakes, and we've all been young and stupid. But people need to have a sense of respect, particularly in this business, because hundreds of people are ready to take your place at any time. Maybe some people should think about that.
Once a wise individual said, Funny is funny.
Once a wise individual said, Unfortunately, our history has abundant examples of patriotism being used to hurt those who express views in disagreement with that of the majority.
Once a wise individual said, English usage is sometimes more than mere taste, judgment and education - sometimes it's sheer luck, like getting across the street.
Once a wise individual said, As anyone who has ever been around a cat for any length of time well knows, cats have enormous patience with the limitations of the human kind.
Once a wise individual said, Some of us may just, in one-on-one conversations with our family, with our friends, over the back fence with our neighbors, talk about the reality of our lives and realize that we're not alone, that we have a right to be physically safe and emotionally safe in our own homes.
Once a wise individual said, I perhaps owe having become a painter to flowers.
Once a wise individual said, We make out of the quarrel with others, rhetoric, but of the quarrel with ourselves, poetry.
Once a wise individual said, Contradiction is not a sign of falsity, nor the lack of contradiction a sign of truth.
Once a wise individual said, Organized religion is a sham and a crutch for weak-minded people who need strength in numbers. It tells people to go out and stick their noses in other people's business.
Once a wise individual said, The best films of any kind, narrative or documentary, provoke questions.
Once a wise individual said, One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got into my pajamas I'll never know.
Once a wise individual said, Every week I read about myself in a magazine, about something that I haven't done or some place that I've never been or don't even know. It's just gossip, rumors, egos, and politics.
Once a wise individual said, I have no time for those who say there is no way Scotland could go it alone. I know first-hand the contribution Scotland and Scots make to Britain's success - so for me there's no question about whether Scotland could be an independent nation.
Once a wise individual said, Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead, that is where your future lies.
Once a wise individual said, Say not, 'I have found the truth,' but rather, 'I have found a truth.'
Once a wise individual said, I can't talk about foreign policy like anyone who's spent their life reading and learning foreign policy. But as a citizen in a democracy, it's very important that I participate in that.
Once a wise individual said, Of course, Einstein was a very great scientist indeed, and I have enormous respect for him, and great admiration for the discoveries he made. But he was very committed to a view of the objectivity of the physical world.
Once a wise individual said, I think there's no excuse for the American poetry reader not knowing a good deal about what is going on in the rest of the world.
Once a wise individual said, The fashions of the ages vary in this direction and that, but they vary for the most part from a central road which was struck out by the imagination of Greece.
Once a wise individual said, It's such a long mission and we get to spend so much time in space... we're doing such exciting research. And I don't want to overemphasize the life science research, but as a physician the life science research that we're doing is extremely exciting.
Once a wise individual said, I hope there have been times when I made you all proud, or made you all smile or at least piqued your interest in this wonderful institution we call government.
Once a wise individual said, I didn't come into politics to change the Labour Party. I came into politics to change the country.
Once a wise individual said, Memory is a complicated thing, a relative to truth, but not its twin.
Once a wise individual said, The openness of rural Nebraska certainly influenced me. That openness, in a way, fosters the imagination. But growing up, Lincoln wasn't a small town. It was a college town. It had record stores and was a liberal place.
Once a wise individual said, I feel fortunate I have this amazing relationship with so many people in America, because I was in their homes at a very private time of day. They probably might have still had their robe on and their slippers and haven't made the beds.
Once a wise individual said, Abstract Expressionism - the first American movement to have a worldwide influence - was remarkably short-lived: It heated up after World War II and was all but done for by 1960 (although visit any art school today and you'll find a would-be Willem de Kooning).
Once a wise individual said, I believe that every single event in life happens in an opportunity to choose love over fear.
Once a wise individual said, And my marriage was perfect when I wasn't famous.
Once a wise individual said, Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature. It will never fail you.
Once a wise individual said, Another factor is the decision, made in 1976, to sharply divide the FBI and the foreign intelligence agencies. The FBI would collect within the United States the foreign intelligence agencies would collect overseas.
Once a wise individual said, The truth is that I'm constitutionally incapable of doing an ordinary job.
Once a wise individual said, The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home.
Once a wise individual said, If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.
Once a wise individual said, Remind people that profit is the difference between revenue and expense. This makes you look smart.
Once a wise individual said, Great dreams of great dreamers are always transcended.
Once a wise individual said, The highest glory of the American Revolution was this: it connected in one indissoluble bond the principles of civil government with the principles of Christianity.
Once a wise individual said, It's a funny old world.
Once a wise individual said, Not every religion has to have St. Augustine's attitude to sex. Why even in our culture marriages are celebrated in a church, everyone present knows what is going to happen that night, but that doesn't prevent it being a religious ceremony.
Once a wise individual said, Generally speaking, a howling wilderness does not howl: it is the imagination of the traveler that does the howling.
Once a wise individual said, I don't feel famous and I didn't want my autobiography to be like a Paris Hilton story.
Once a wise individual said, In principle, there are only three main components of spending that much matter to monetary policy: consumer spending, business investment and exports and trade.
Once a wise individual said, In the long term, the United States could greatly benefit Islam by uniquely freeing the religion from government constraints and permitting it to evolve in a positive, modern direction. But that's the long term.
Once a wise individual said, Because of my age and because there's more work on the small screen. What it's missing in quality it makes up for in quantity. From an actor's selfish point of view.
Once a wise individual said, We have to have a way of dealing with this that engenders confidence, trust, gives us every chance of getting the right outcome and boosts both sustainability and economic return at the same time.
Once a wise individual said, That knowledge which is popular is not scientific.
Once a wise individual said, In just the same way the thousands of successive positions of a runner are contracted into one sole symbolic attitude, which our eye perceives, which art reproduces, and which becomes for everyone the image of a man who runs.
Once a wise individual said, Humor is perhaps a sense of intellectual perspective: an awareness that some things are really important, others not and that the two kinds are most oddly jumbled in everyday affairs.
Once a wise individual said, Mr. Speaker, the fact of the matter is that the Ten Commandments are a historical document that contains moral, ethical, and legal truisms that any person of any religion or even an atheist can recognize and appreciate.
Once a wise individual said, If I felt, in the event of a royal wedding, inspired to write about people coming together in marriage or civil partnership, I would just be grateful to have an idea for the poem. And if I didn't, I'd ignore it.
Once a wise individual said, I do think musical-theater actors can get a bad rap, and I see why. There is a certain slickness - there's nothing better than an amazing musical, but an okay musical can be one of the worst times you've ever had.
Once a wise individual said, In my experience lust only ever leads to misery. All that suspicion and jealousy and anguish it unleashes. I don't want those things in my life.
Once a wise individual said, I look for poetry in English because it's the only language I read.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness is dependent on self-discipline. We are the biggest obstacles to our own happiness. It is much easier to do battle with society and with others than to fight our own nature.
Once a wise individual said, When I was 18, I thought my father was pretty dumb. After a while when I got to be 21, I was amazed to find out how much he'd learned in three years.
Once a wise individual said, Beatbullying's 'The Big March 2012' is such a brilliant campaign and I am very proud to be a part of it. I have been a victim of cyber bullying myself and I know firsthand just how hurtful it can be. People think that they can hide behind computers and send nasty and hurtful comments to people, and this is wrong.
Once a wise individual said, As the fly bangs against the window attempting freedom while the door stands open, so we bang against death ignoring heaven.
Once a wise individual said, Our nation is being led astray by ungodly judges, mayors and governors, who are given to change, defying the Constitution and substituting their own wicked agendas.
Once a wise individual said, Where there is an absence of international political leadership, civil society should step in to fill the gap, providing the energy and vision needed to move the world in a new and better direction.
Once a wise individual said, It's very different than it use to be. I think everybody has a lot more experience in how to be in a relationship - whether it's a marriage or a significant other or a business or a friend.
Once a wise individual said, Bruce Lee was very famous. I watched his movies and he is amazing. He is a martial arts master, his philosophy, his movement, both physically and mentally, were very strong.
Once a wise individual said, You should read history and look at ostracism, persecution, martyrdom, and that kind of thing. They always happen to the best men, you know.
Once a wise individual said, I have actually five honorary degrees.
Once a wise individual said, We should be concerned not only about the health of individual patients, but also the health of our entire society.
Once a wise individual said, An alliance with a powerful person is never safe.
Once a wise individual said, If you want to fight the evil you see in finance and industry, get to work reading the corporate filings, see if there has been fraud, and where you find it, report it to the SEC or write about it or blog about it.
Once a wise individual said, World War II has always been of great interest to me. I've known for decades that it was just one more war the politicians suckered us into.
Once a wise individual said, I don't watch television, I think it destroys the art of talking about oneself.
Once a wise individual said, If you walk down the street and smile at someone, that will get passed on to the next person. That has the power to change someone's day.
Once a wise individual said, Financial literacy is an issue that should command our attention because many Americans are not adequately organizing finances for their education, healthcare and retirement.
Once a wise individual said, The future hasn't happened yet and the past is gone. So I think the only moment we have is right here and now, and I try to make the best of those moments, the moments that I'm in.
Once a wise individual said, The word 'happiness' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness.
Once a wise individual said, I love the solitude of being on a plane and finally getting to read an entire book and being left alone.
Once a wise individual said, Women's humor seems to be a little more supportive. It's just kind of trying to make the other one laugh through funny voices and kind of talking about other people. I respond to that. I feel less like I'm going to get beat up in a room full of women than I do in a room full of guys.
Once a wise individual said, One side of the American psyche wants smaller government, lower taxes, and more choices for individuals, even if those choices increase risk. The other wants a strong social safety net to protect the weakest among us, even if it costs more to minimize risk.
Once a wise individual said, I am proud, and more than a little excited, to be asked to work with Faber in an editorial capacity. It is my dearest hope that we will produce some fantastic books together.
Once a wise individual said, Faith and prayer are the vitamins of the soul man cannot live in health without them.
Once a wise individual said, It's really hard for me to sometimes put myself out there, like 'Hey, how do you feel about making music together?' because maybe I'm afraid of rejection or I don't want to put anybody out. It's the Southerner in me, like, 'I don't mean to bother you but do you mind making a song?'
Once a wise individual said, Bracketing has turned all my experiences, remembered and present, into a gallery of miracles where I wander around dazzled by the beauty of events I cannot explain.
Once a wise individual said, Experiencing sadness and anger can make you feel more creative, and by being creative, you can get beyond your pain or negativity.
Once a wise individual said, I still have a lot to learn - about the business, about music, and about myself. Its exciting.
Once a wise individual said, Men never cling to their dreams with such tenacity as at the moment when they are losing faith in them, and know it, but do not dare yet to confess it to themselves.
Once a wise individual said, Power ought to serve as a check to power.
Once a wise individual said, The fundamental defect of fathers, in our competitive society, is that they want their children to be a credit to them.
Once a wise individual said, Even scientific knowledge, if there is anything to it, is not a random observation of random objects for the critical objectivity of significant knowledge is attained as a practice only philosophically in inner action.
Once a wise individual said, I think there is always a need for pure design. With pure design, you don't need so much decoration.
Once a wise individual said, While conscience is our friend, all is at peace however once it is offended, farewell to a tranquil mind.
Once a wise individual said, I look forward to a great future for America - a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose.
Once a wise individual said, It is difficult, if not impossible, to argue that laws written in the 1970s are adequate for today's intelligence challenges.
Once a wise individual said, In practice we, in the world, must do business with each other.
Once a wise individual said, Computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things they make it easier to do don't need to be done.
Once a wise individual said, When our governments want to sell us a course of action, they do it by making sure it's the only thing on the agenda, the only thing everyone's talking about. And they pre-load the ensuing discussion with highly selected images, devious and prejudicial language, dubious linkages, weak or false 'intelligence' and selected 'leaks.'
Once a wise individual said, Scar tissue is stronger than regular tissue. Realize the strength, move on.
Once a wise individual said, Well, my wife and I were married in a toilet - it was a marriage of convenience!
Once a wise individual said, Love and business and family and religion and art and patriotism are nothing but shadows of words when a man's starving!
Once a wise individual said, Just, you never know what the next day is going to bring. That goes for football, goes for off the field, and I gave up a long time ago trying to predict the future and trying to deal with things I couldn't deal with.
Once a wise individual said, We have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it.
Once a wise individual said, There is nothing so stable as change.
Once a wise individual said, In truth, I am a single mother. But I don't feel alone at all in parenting my daughter. Krishna has a whole other side of her family who loves her, too. And so Krishna is parented by me, but also by her grandmother and aunts and cousins and uncles and friends.
Once a wise individual said, The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it.
Once a wise individual said, Let us never know what old age is. Let us know the happiness time brings, not count the years.
Once a wise individual said, Every flower is a soul blossoming in nature.
Once a wise individual said, Peace with the Palestinians will open ports of peace all around the Mediterranean. The duty of leaders is to pursue freedom ceaselessly, even in the face of hostility, in the face of doubt and disappointment. Just imagine what could be.
Once a wise individual said, I do not believe in God his existence has been disproved by Science. But in the concentration camp, I learned to believe in men.
Once a wise individual said, Although modesty is natural to man, it is not natural to children. Modesty only begins with the knowledge of evil.
Once a wise individual said, I was looking to do something non-fiction because I had done a strip, 'My Mom Was a Schizophrenic.' I really enjoyed the process of doing that strip, despite its subject matter. To do it I'd had to do a lot of research and reading and I figured I'd like to do that again.
Once a wise individual said, I must have a prodigious quantity of mind it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up.
Once a wise individual said, All oppression creates a state of war.
Once a wise individual said, This was our last stop. This was it. We had those two embryos that we had banked prior to learning about the breast cancer, and with the medicine she was on, this was our last effort. The prayers were answered.
Once a wise individual said, You can't fall back on the private sector and say, 'You take care of the nation's banking system.' That's a fundamental function of the government, the Federal Reserve, the Treasury and the FDIC, etc. All of those agencies have a major role to play there.
Once a wise individual said, Humor is the affectionate communication of insight.
Once a wise individual said, There is not enough love and goodness in the world to permit giving any of it away to imaginary beings.
Once a wise individual said, We may be surprised at the people we find in heaven. God has a soft spot for sinners. His standards are quite low.
Once a wise individual said, Music and the music business are two different things.
Once a wise individual said, Music, Rock and Roll music especially, is such a generational thing. Each generation must have their own music, I had my own in my generation, you have yours, everyone I know has their own generation.
Once a wise individual said, India is the meeting place of the religions and among these Hinduism alone is by itself a vast and complex thing, not so much a religion as a great diversified and yet subtly unified mass of spiritual thought, realization and aspiration.
Once a wise individual said, It's amazing how people will give when you don't ask. Many of them send money because they believe in the message.
Once a wise individual said, The results of this survey are shocking and should be a wake-up call to men and women that drinking and smoking too much not only gives you a bad headache in the morning but can affect your ability to start a family.
Once a wise individual said, I attribute my success to this - I never gave or took any excuse.
Once a wise individual said, We have convinced over one billion members of the Islamic faith that we are prejudiced against their religion, that we would deny them freedom of religion, that we want suppress their culture and invade their governments.
Once a wise individual said, As for courage and will - we cannot measure how much of each lies within us, we can only trust there will be sufficient to carry through trials which may lie ahead.
Once a wise individual said, In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships.
Once a wise individual said, My parents were really, really cool about supporting what I wanted to do at a really young age. I think I was about 10 when I caught the bug. They would drive me down to New York if there were auditions. When I was 12, I did this show on Broadway called 'High Society,' so we moved to New York for the run of that.
Once a wise individual said, A man has to live with himself, and he should see to it that he always has good company.
Once a wise individual said, Unfortunately, overall, movies are a conglomerate. People buy and sell people in this business, which can get really ugly.
Once a wise individual said, Confidence and superiority: It's the usual fundamentalist stuff: I've got the truth, and you haven't.
Once a wise individual said, The superior man is distressed by the limitations of his ability he is not distressed by the fact that men do not recognize the ability that he has.
Once a wise individual said, President George W. Bush is the first American president to call openly for two-states, Israel and Palestine, living side by side in peace and security.
Once a wise individual said, My mother is an amazing woman. Not only did she manage the entire household, she noticed a gift in each of her kids and instilled confidence in all of us that that gift would take us wherever we wanted to go.
Once a wise individual said, Painting, n.: The art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather, and exposing them to the critic.
Once a wise individual said, It is easier to lead men to combat, stirring up their passion, than to restrain them and direct them toward the patient labors of peace.
Once a wise individual said, It is not easy to see how the more extreme forms of nationalism can long survive when men have seen the Earth in its true perspective as a single small globe against the stars.
Once a wise individual said, As I grew older, I realized that it was much better to insist on the genuine forms of nature, for simplicity is the greatest adornment of art.
Once a wise individual said, Those whom God wishes to destroy, he first makes mad.
Once a wise individual said, When one has the feeling of dislike for evil, when one feels tranquil, one finds pleasure in listening to good teachings when one has these feelings and appreciates them, one is free of fear.
Once a wise individual said, I have to be alone very often. I'd be quite happy if I spent from Saturday night until Monday morning alone in my apartment. That's how I refuel.
Once a wise individual said, If it's natural to kill, how come men have to go into training to learn how?
Once a wise individual said, I don't know how it is for women or for other guys, but when I was young and in my 20s, I had a fear of marriage.
Once a wise individual said, To love our neighbor as ourselves is such a truth for regulating human society, that by that alone one might determine all the cases in social morality.
Once a wise individual said, My goal is to be one with the music. I just dedicate my whole life to this art.
Once a wise individual said, I saw 'Taxi Driver,' and 'Taxi Driver' kind of saved my life. The scene where Robert De Niro is looking at himself in the mirror saying, 'You talkin' to me? You talkin' to me? Who the hell else are you talkin' to?' That's the scene that changed my life by changing my attitude about acting.
Once a wise individual said, If you find someone you love in your life, then hang on to that love.
Once a wise individual said, We have peace with Israel. We're actually the last man standing. So there is going to be immense pressure and people asking, 'Why are we having this relationship when it's not benefiting anybody?' Obviously, my answer is you always benefit from peace.
Once a wise individual said, It's funny - I read that women look to chiseled-faced guys for one-night stands, and to round-faced guys for marriage. When I'm rounder in the face, I like to say, 'This is my long-term look.' Or 'This is my wife-and-kids look right here.'
Once a wise individual said, I don't think any person has any special knowledge about what God has planned for me and you any more than me and you do.
Once a wise individual said, If my future were determined just by my performance on a standardized test, I wouldn't be here. I guarantee you that.
Once a wise individual said, I've been singing for six years. I've been in and out of the studios with top producers, but it wasn't something I was ready to express to the public or to the press. I wasn't ready to come out. I wanted to perfect my voice and be 100 percent positive that I could come out right.
Once a wise individual said, You can be young without money but you can't be old without it.
Once a wise individual said, Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.
Once a wise individual said, Science is a differential equation. Religion is a boundary condition.
Once a wise individual said, I know people think we drive around in these nice cars and we do whatever we want and our parents will pay our credit cards, but that's not the case. Sure, my parents were generous I got a nice car at 16, but at 18 I was cut off. I've worked really hard. I opened the store myself.
Once a wise individual said, America's veterans and troops serving abroad today fought hard to preserve our red, white and blue, from the Revolutionary War to today's Global War Against Terrorism, and Congress' action today is appropriate for one of our most sacred symbols.
Once a wise individual said, I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.
Once a wise individual said, When I tell the truth, it is not for the sake of convincing those who do not know it, but for the sake of defending those that do.
Once a wise individual said, I have taught history on the high school and college levels, and am or have been a lecturer at the Smithsonian, The National Institutes of Health, and numerous colleges and universities, mostly on science fiction and technology subjects.
Once a wise individual said, I don't want to go negative on Franklin Delano Roosevelt, but he didn't pass an economic deal in the first 100 days. We have passed the largest Recovery Act in the history of the country.
Once a wise individual said, And to me, fame is not a positive thing. The idea of being famous is a lot better than the reality. It's fantastic when you go to premieres and people cheer you, but it's not real. And it's totally not my approach to get my name on a club door just because I can.
Once a wise individual said, The best way to travel abroad is to live with the locals.
Once a wise individual said, No one ever attains success by simply doing what is required of him.
Once a wise individual said, If the right people do the right things, we can walk, we can have a future. But if people don't put time into it to make it run in a right way, I don't think your team will work.
Once a wise individual said, I think art education, especially in this country, which government pretty much ignores, is so important for young people.
Once a wise individual said, When you are not treated seriously, you develop comically. Its sense of oneself is so fractured and fragile that it's like the picked-on kid who has to become funny.
Once a wise individual said, People are taken aback by a confident, pretty girl who knows what she wants in life and isn't going to let anyone get in her way. And you know what it's all about? Jealousy.
Once a wise individual said, Wherever smart people work, doors are unlocked.
Once a wise individual said, I felt that chess... is a science in the form of a game... I consider myself a scientist. I wanted to be treated like a scientist.
Once a wise individual said, When I was 14, I felt very rundown I had a home to go to, but I felt like I was 60 or something, older than I feel now. And I don't know if it's something that happens at 14, or whether it was adolescence or whether I was gay, or closeted gay, or whatever it was, I felt that.
Once a wise individual said, If I had to choose a religion, the sun as the universal giver of life would be my god.
Once a wise individual said, I like men who are very cool but who are also so brilliant that they are almost insane. Sean Penn, Gary Oldman, Bob Dylan, Tom Waits - men who would be flipping burgers if they hadn't found an outlet for their brilliant mind-sets.
Once a wise individual said, Truth indeed rather alleviates than hurts, and will always bear up against falsehood, as oil does above water.
Once a wise individual said, We have to face the reality of climate change. It is arguably the biggest threat we are facing today.
Once a wise individual said, My definition of success is control.
Once a wise individual said, Some people change when they think they're a star or something.
Once a wise individual said, The truth is found when men are free to pursue it.
Once a wise individual said, I thoroughly enjoyed working on Enemy of the State. Tony Scott is an important director, and has an amazing ability to express himself, and he doesn't do it in musical terms , he does it in emotional terms. I got along really well with him.
Once a wise individual said, There are no right and wrong ways to work in this business, but there are some basic common-sense practices. Work very, very hard and always be prepared never give up and once you get the job, give them more than they ever expected: - Shine!
Once a wise individual said, I travel in so many different ways I travel high, I rough it... it all depends on who I travel with.
Once a wise individual said, If you want to see mankind fully, look at a family. Within the family minds become organically one, and for this reason the family is total poetry.
Once a wise individual said, Time is generally the best doctor.
Once a wise individual said, I'll put it frankly - Britain has more influence in China than Norway or Switzerland, with all respect for the other countries.
Once a wise individual said, I've got so much to do, I don't have time to sit down and be sad.
Once a wise individual said, I have traveled a long road from the battlefield to the peace table.
Once a wise individual said, Knowledge of the sciences is so much smoke apart from the heavenly science of Christ.
Once a wise individual said, It's funny, growing up there was never anybody around me with any kind of artistic bent.
Once a wise individual said, I've always been part of comedy. One of the things about our family was that if we were reasonably funny with each other, particularly my two brothers and myself, when my father was upset with something you'd want to make sure in some way you made him laugh. Because when he didn't laugh, you were in trouble!
Once a wise individual said, We know the parental support, community support, makes a difference. It's not just the metrics of testing and putting pressure on the schools and on the teachers.
Once a wise individual said, I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
Once a wise individual said, People are starting to go on about my weight but I'm not going to change my size because they don't like the way I look.
Once a wise individual said, My fear is that, as soon as I get married and have kids that I'll kind of do what a lot of people do and suddenly start making, 'Now I'm gonna make films for kids.' I really hope I don't do that.
Once a wise individual said, The human brain now holds the key to our future. We have to recall the image of the planet from outer space: a single entity in which air, water, and continents are interconnected. That is our home.
Once a wise individual said, As somebody who, in my second marriage, insisted on a prenuptial agreement, I can also testify that sometimes it is an act of love to chart the exit strategy before you enter the union, in order to make sure that not only you, but your partner as well, knows that there will be no World War III should hearts and minds, for any sad reason, change.
Once a wise individual said, No human being can really understand another, and no one can arrange another's happiness.
Once a wise individual said, Technology has changed the way book publishing works, as it has changed everything else in the world of media.
Once a wise individual said, The truth is really an ambition which is beyond us.
Once a wise individual said, Love is a game that two can play and both win.
Once a wise individual said, Television is not real life. In real life people actually have to leave the coffee shop and go to jobs.
Once a wise individual said, God has been pleased to save us during the years of war that have already passed. We pray that He may be pleased to save us to the end. But we must do our part.
Once a wise individual said, I will always listen to my coaches. But first I listen to my body. If what they tell me suits my body, great. If my body doesn't feel good with what they say, then always my body comes first.
Once a wise individual said, I also find it interesting that a lot of people in their 30s are not married and don't have kids. There are a lot of people in this age bracket that are out there dating and trying to find love. And I never thought that at my age I would be.
Once a wise individual said, Thankfully, due to the United Kingdom and the commitment of the Westminster government we are able to ensure that money brought in, whether it be from the City of London or from North Sea oil, can be pooled and directed to wherever it is needed most. That is what being in the United Kingdom is all about.
Once a wise individual said, Action is the real measure of intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, As long as you have a system that is based on the rational that if you are making money you are thereby making a contribution to society, these financial rogue practices will continue.
Once a wise individual said, I think complexity is mostly sort of crummy stuff that is there because it's too expensive to change the interface.
Once a wise individual said, My very best friend died in a car accident when I was 16 years old. That was the hardest blow emotionally that I have ever had to endure. Suddenly, you realize tomorrow might not come. Now I live by the motto, 'Today is what I have.'
Once a wise individual said, If you cannot work on the marriage or the women is a moron, staying married and cheating makes the most sense because divorce is disruptive to the family life and your bank account.
Once a wise individual said, I really like Gwyneth Paltrow a lot, as far as her career, because I think she's done a lot of small movies but she's also done great, big movies, and she's a really great actress.
Once a wise individual said, I wanted to make a point of basing myself at home, being close to my family. I'll never be able to repay Mum and Dad for what they did, but at least they know they'll never have to work another day. I'll do whatever it takes to look after them.
Once a wise individual said, The grandeur and strength or our people and democracy are as big as a forest.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is an art, the easiest to dabble in, but the hardest to reach true excellence.
Once a wise individual said, The Bee Gees who are brilliant, I just love great music.
Once a wise individual said, Men don't even ask me out. I can't remember the last time I was asked out on a date, and I'm talking years here. I spend my life more and more alone.
Once a wise individual said, Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Once a wise individual said, Rock n' Roll came from the slaves singing gospel in the fields. Their lives were hell and they used music to lift out of it, to take them away. That's what rock n' roll should do - take you to a better place.
Once a wise individual said, I think we have to act like stars because it is expected of us. So we drive our big cars and live in our smart houses.
Once a wise individual said, The course of true love never did run smooth.
Once a wise individual said, And the greatest lesson that mom ever taught me though was this one. She told me there would be times in your life when you have to choose between being loved and being respected. Now she said to always pick being respected.
Once a wise individual said, My mom was a diabetic. Her sister was a diabetic, so I was already a candidate.
Once a wise individual said, Be strong, believe in freedom and in God, love yourself, understand your sexuality, have a sense of humor, masturbate, don't judge people by their religion, color or sexual habits, love life and your family.
Once a wise individual said, Different men seek after happiness in different ways and by different means, and so make for themselves different modes of life and forms of government.
Once a wise individual said, The only sure bulwark of continuing liberty is a government strong enough to protect the interests of the people, and a people strong enough and well enough informed to maintain its sovereign control over the goverment.
Once a wise individual said, A financier is a pawnbroker with imagination.
Once a wise individual said, The condition of man... is a condition of war of everyone against everyone.
Once a wise individual said, There are no necessary evils in government. Its evils exist only in its abuses.
Once a wise individual said, Money is human happiness in the abstract he, then, who is no longer capable of enjoying human happiness in the concrete devotes himself utterly to money.
Once a wise individual said, I'm thankful for every moment.
Once a wise individual said, I've figured out my learning curve. I can look at something and somehow know exactly how long it will take for me to learn it.
Once a wise individual said, No one can possibly achieve any real and lasting success or 'get rich' in business by being a conformist.
Once a wise individual said, You aren't learning anything when you're talking.
Once a wise individual said, Political courage is not political suicide.
Once a wise individual said, Of one thing I am certain, the body is not the measure of healing, peace is the measure.
Once a wise individual said, My father was a lawyer and to my best knowledge nobody in my family before had interest in science.
Once a wise individual said, By having a reverence for life, we enter into a spiritual relation with the world By practicing reverence for life we become good, deep, and alive.
Once a wise individual said, As a well spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death.
Once a wise individual said, Our system provides for a winner to take office on January 20th, and he is expected to take command of the ship of state. Failure to do so, characterized by hesitation and indecision, will harm the national interest.
Once a wise individual said, A homely face and no figure have aided many women heavenward.
Once a wise individual said, This is all you have. This is not a dry run. This is your life. If you want to fritter it away with your fears, then you will fritter it away, but you won't get it back later.
Once a wise individual said, The apple cannot be stuck back on the Tree of Knowledge once we begin to see, we are doomed and challenged to seek the strength to see more, not less.
Once a wise individual said, Men was formed for society, and is neither capable of living alone, nor has the courage to do it.
Once a wise individual said, Gradually it occurred to me that we spend a great deal of life asleep and that dreams are little narratives, little stories. I thought, 'Who's choreographing this stuff?'
Once a wise individual said, Religion often is misused for purely power-political goals, including war.
Once a wise individual said, Fishes live in the sea, as men do a-land the great ones eat up the little ones.
Once a wise individual said, The great accomplishment of Jobs's life is how effectively he put his idiosyncrasies - his petulance, his narcissism, and his rudeness - in the service of perfection.
Once a wise individual said, Power in America today is control of the means of communication.
Once a wise individual said, Well, well, Henry James is pretty good, though he is of the nineteenth century, and that glaringly.
Once a wise individual said, It's easier to date a football player for sure. Football players have one game a week, and they practice every day, but they're all at home. In basketball, they're on the road all the time.
Once a wise individual said, If you set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster, your gifts will take you places that will amaze you.
Once a wise individual said, If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours if they don't they never were.
Once a wise individual said, So, I see technology as a Trojan Horse: It looks like a wonderful thing, but they are going to regret introducing it into the schools because it simply can't be controlled.
Once a wise individual said, Beauty and the Beast seemed like it all was really brown. The whole thing was just so brown and orange and yellow, like Burger King or something. I don't think I would have liked Beauty and the Beast at any age.
Once a wise individual said, Technology has changed the fan/actor interaction quite a bit.
Once a wise individual said, I'm part of the party, getting the crowd fired up, singing songs, pouring drinks, whatever it takes to get them to have a good time. When I walk into the meet-and-greet, someone's always going to have a story, a sad story or a happy story.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times.
Once a wise individual said, You know, one of the biggest thrills I have is when famous people recognize me from Taxi.
Once a wise individual said, I have three favorite politicians: Reagan, Truman, and Bobby Kennedy - Bobby for showing remarkable political courage despite being loathed by many on both sides.
Once a wise individual said, It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow.
Once a wise individual said, We are so obsessed with doing that we have no time and no imagination left for being. As a result, men are valued not for what they are but for what they do or what they have - for their usefulness.
Once a wise individual said, Doubt grows with knowledge.
Once a wise individual said, I am a thing of beauty.
Once a wise individual said, On the field I'm trying to play for the glory of God but then also I'm trying to give everything I have and win and compete. And so I think more than just winning or losing, I think He cares about where our hearts are when we're playing.
Once a wise individual said, We are all sentenced to solitary confinement inside our own skins, for life.
Once a wise individual said, There can be a fundamental gulf of gracelessness in a human heart which neither our love nor our courage can bridge.
Once a wise individual said, Well, religion has been passed down through the years by stories people tell around the campfire. Stories about God, stories about love. Stories about good spirits and evil spirits.
Once a wise individual said, Progressive art can assist people to learn not only about the objective forces at work in the society in which they live, but also about the intensely social character of their interior lives. Ultimately, it can propel people toward social emancipation.
Once a wise individual said, With the counseling of my family doctor, my mother ended up turning to Weight Watchers and their children's program. I went to weekly meetings, got counseling and would exercise with my peers who were my size. It was the first time I saw a proper children's portion size, and it wasn't two burgers, it was one.
Once a wise individual said, The biggest public health challenge is rebuilding health systems. In other words, if you look at cholera or maternal mortality or tuberculosis in Haiti, they're major problems in Haiti, but the biggest problem is rebuilding systems.
Once a wise individual said, I never had the high-paying job or the company car. It took me over a decade to pay off my student loans. I never had to worry about where to dock my yacht to reduce my taxes.
Once a wise individual said, All of the sports have a safety net, but boxing is the only sport that has none. So when the fighter is through, he is through. While he was fighting his management was very excited for him, but now that he is done, that management team is moving on.
Once a wise individual said, There's only so far you can take a relationship before you got to get into things that are too serious or over the top. I'm 20 years old. I was in a relationship with a girl I love for three years. Where do you go after three years? Then you've got to start thinking about other things, and I'm too young to think about those things.
Once a wise individual said, Whether in success or in failure, I'm proud of every single movie I've ever directed.
Once a wise individual said, Unless we place our religion and our treasure in the same thing, religion will always be sacrificed.
Once a wise individual said, Competence, like truth, beauty, and contact lenses, is in the eye of the beholder.
Once a wise individual said, The minuses of celebrity include having to live with security and the knowledge that you may be stalked.
Once a wise individual said, The strangest part about being famous is you don't get to give first impressions anymore. Everyone already has an impression of you before you meet them.
Once a wise individual said, There is nothing evil save that which perverts the mind and shackles the conscience.
Once a wise individual said, Bleak House is just the most astounding piece of work. There's huge, visionary poetry in it.
Once a wise individual said, Our understanding of the world around us is constantly being redefined and expanded, and so therefore, it is wiser to be passionate about seeking for truth than knowing it.
Once a wise individual said, Anybody can be good in the country. There are no temptations there.
Once a wise individual said, To understand this Christmas record, you have to understand our ministry.
Once a wise individual said, I think the future also will not belong to those who are cynical or those who stand on the sidelines.
Once a wise individual said, Art must take reality by surprise.
Once a wise individual said, Communism has never come to power in a country that was not disrupted by war or corruption, or both.
Once a wise individual said, Women love working together. That's my experience anyway.
Once a wise individual said, Nature has not got two voices, you know, one of them condemning all day what the other commands.
Once a wise individual said, I love going to movies.
Once a wise individual said, I've been involved with violent movies, and then I've also said at a certain point, 'I can't take it anymore. Please cut it.' You know, you've got to respect the filmmaker, and it's a really tough issue.
Once a wise individual said, We had a booming stock market in 1929 and then went into the world's greatest depression. We have a booming stock market in 1999. Will the bubble somehow burst, and then we enter depression? Well, some things are not different.
Once a wise individual said, A wedding anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance and tenacity. The order varies for any given year.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude.
Once a wise individual said, Adversity is the first path to truth.
Once a wise individual said, In our age there is no such thing as 'keeping out of politics.' All issues are political issues, and politics itself is a mass of lies, evasions, folly, hatred and schizophrenia.
Once a wise individual said, The strength of any weakness within us is the degree to which it is feared.
Once a wise individual said, My interest in film is sort of catholic - apart from science fiction and horror movies, I'll watch almost everything.
Once a wise individual said, No matter what has happened, you too have the power to enjoy yourself.
Once a wise individual said, France is delighted at this new opportunity to show the world that when one has the will one can succeed in joining peoples who have been brought close by history.
Once a wise individual said, 'Allen Gregory' came about because we wanted an animated show and we were just tossing around some ideas about me playing a 7-year-old. We thought that would be cool, because we couldn't do that in real life.
Once a wise individual said, These individuals on steroids, does it enhance their career, does it give them a little more strength, a little more stamina, a little more psychological edge? Absolutely. How do you determine what - what their stats would be without steroids? It's impossible to tell.
Once a wise individual said, Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
Once a wise individual said, The freedom to be an individual is the essence of America.
Once a wise individual said, Mr. Janet Reno? I think Mr. Janet Reno... I think he's one of the best hunting dogs in the world.
Once a wise individual said, The only failure one should fear, is not hugging to the purpose they see as best.
Once a wise individual said, My mom and my dad wanted my brother and I to have a better life, you know, better education, better jobs. It was probably harder, much, much harder, for my parents. When you're a kid, you can learn a language much more easily I learned English in less than a year.
Once a wise individual said, No one likes to have less than they had before. That's the nature of the human animal.
Once a wise individual said, It's really sad that the kids today can only relate to Beethoven via a rock version of his music.
Once a wise individual said, Whenever anyone says, 'theoretically,' they really mean, 'not really.'
Once a wise individual said, Life is a song - sing it. Life is a game - play it. Life is a challenge - meet it. Life is a dream - realize it. Life is a sacrifice - offer it. Life is love - enjoy it.
Once a wise individual said, The relationship between the public and the artist is complex and difficult to explain. There is a fine line between using this critical energy creatively and pandering to it.
Once a wise individual said, Every man's dream is to be able to sink into the arms of a woman without also falling into her hands.
Once a wise individual said, In prehistoric times, mankind often had only two choices in crisis situations: fight or flee. In modern times, humor offers us a third alternative fight, flee - or laugh.
Once a wise individual said, Women are so much in love with compliments that rather than want them, they will compliment one another, yet mean no more by it than the men do.
Once a wise individual said, Losers live in the past. Winners learn from the past and enjoy working in the present toward the future.
Once a wise individual said, I think it's been hard for people to understand how Islam can be a good religion, and yet the Islamists are evil. Those of us who have had experience with Islam understand this, just as we understand the difference between snake handlers and people going to church on Sunday morning.
Once a wise individual said, I envy people with dreams and passions, but I don't think that way. I still don't have a 'bliss' to follow. For people like me - I suspect that's most people - holding out for a 'dream' or a 'passion' is paralyzing. I just like having work I enjoy that feels meaningful. That's hard enough... but it's enough.
Once a wise individual said, You can have a certain arrogance, and I think that's fine, but what you should never lose is the respect for the others.
Once a wise individual said, What are the Democrats, the party of Jim Matheson, telling them? The message of the Democrats is that the Amercian dream is over. 'The government is all you have. Give up your dreams, and the government will save you, the government will heal you, the government will be your hope and change.' We know here in Utah, none of that is true.
Once a wise individual said, Of course, learning is strengthened and solidified when it occurs in a safe, secure and normal environment.
Once a wise individual said, The greatest crime since World War II has been U.S. foreign policy.
Once a wise individual said, If I had permitted my failures, or what seemed to me at the time a lack of success, to discourage me I cannot see any way in which I would ever have made progress.
Once a wise individual said, You might say that when you step inside, you're entering a honorific space, but that's something totally different than experiencing it. And in architecture the experience comes first. That has the deepest effect on us.
Once a wise individual said, The truth of our faith becomes a matter of ridicule among the infidels if any Catholic, not gifted with the necessary scientific learning, presents as dogma what scientific scrutiny shows to be false.
Once a wise individual said, Does not the very word 'creative' mean to build, to initiate, to give out, to act - rather than to be acted upon, to be subjective? Living photography is positive in its approach, it sings a song of life - not death.
Once a wise individual said, Comedy is an escape, not from truth but from despair a narrow escape into faith.
Once a wise individual said, When we do the best that we can, we never know what miracle is wrought in our life, or in the life of another.
Once a wise individual said, The wisdom of man never yet contrived a system of taxation that would operate with perfect equality.
Once a wise individual said, I have never, not once, violated my public trust.
Once a wise individual said, You see, I had been riding with the storm clouds, and had come to earth as rain, and it was drought that I had killed with the power that the Six Grandfathers gave me.
Once a wise individual said, I think actors are divided into two groups: one that wants to be an actor to become famous and rich, and the other that wants to be an actor because they have to be. I'm more in the second group.
Once a wise individual said, You know, comics and movies, even if you take a comic and turn it into a movie, we can't all be Joss Whedon.
Once a wise individual said, His knowledge of books had in some degree diminished his knowledge of the world.
Once a wise individual said, Because I've made a film with such an amazing director as Tarantino, I'm much more conscious of working with good directors from now on, so that's what's important to me. I don't really care about making a big movie - I just want to make good ones.
Once a wise individual said, An intellectual is a man who takes more words than necessary to tell more than he knows.
Once a wise individual said, Governments have never learned anything from history, or acted on principles deducted from it.
Once a wise individual said, I could pose in fashion commercials as a high society star but politics is a new way of life.
Once a wise individual said, The duty of government is to leave commerce to its own capital and credit as well as all other branches of business, protecting all in their legal pursuits, granting exclusive privileges to none.
Once a wise individual said, All art is exorcism. I paint dreams and visions too the dreams and visions of my time. Painting is the effort to produce order order in yourself. There is much chaos in me, much chaos in our time.
Once a wise individual said, I'm doing a new musical on Broadway, which opens in October called 'The Boy from Oz,' where I play Peter Allen. For those of you who don't know, he became first famous in America for marrying Liza Minelli.
Once a wise individual said, Oh, stuff the critics. I don't care. Too many people are snooty about classical. Look, I wasn't brought up in a home where we listened to classical music. It was a singing teacher that thought it would be best for my voice. Then I moved into crossover. And if that makes the music accessible to more people, then great.
Once a wise individual said, Never work just for money or for power. They won't save your soul or help you sleep at night.
Once a wise individual said, It is impossible, as impossible as to raise the dead, to restore anything that has ever been great or beautiful in architecture. That which I have insisted upon as the life of the whole, that spirit which is given only by the hand and eye of the workman, can never be recalled.
Once a wise individual said, It scares you: all the noise, the rattling, the shaking. But the look on everybody's face when you're finished and packing, it's the best smile in the world and there's nobody hurt, and the well's under control.
Once a wise individual said, When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
Once a wise individual said, My heart goes out to the brave citizens of Syria, who each day risk and even sacrifice their lives to achieve freedom from a murderous regime. We in Israel welcome the historic struggle to forge democratic, peace-loving governments in our region.
Once a wise individual said, Preachers in pulpits talked about what a great message is in the book. No matter what you do, somebody always imputes meaning into your books.
Once a wise individual said, Being an intellectual creates a lot of questions and no answers.
Once a wise individual said, Success depends almost entirely on how effectively you learn to manage the game's two ultimate adversaries: the course and yourself.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not afraid to call a wine that tastes like Skittles or green peppers mixed with orange marmalade. I'll say, 'It tastes like chicken.' I mean, that's not what people think of when they think of wine, but that's what it tastes like to me and it hits home.
Once a wise individual said, I want to sell to people my own age, because that's the way I write songs.
Once a wise individual said, Yet, it is true, poetry is delicious the best prose is that which is most full of poetry.
Once a wise individual said, The best way to destroy an enemy is to make him a friend.
Once a wise individual said, Part of the reason that our politics seems so tough right now and facts and science and argument does not seem to be winning the day all the time is because we're hardwired not to always think clearly when we're scared. And the country's scared.
Once a wise individual said, Prince Charles is an absolute Mountbatten. The real intelligence in the royal family comes through my parents to Prince Philip and the children.
Once a wise individual said, Earth teach me to forget myself as melted snow forgets its life. Earth teach me resignation as the leaves which die in the fall. Earth teach me courage as the tree which stands all alone. Earth teach me regeneration as the seed which rises in the spring.
Once a wise individual said, It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.
Once a wise individual said, The novel is born of disillusionment the poem, of despair.
Once a wise individual said, My faith isn't very churchy, it's a pretty personal, intimate thing and has been a huge source of strength in moments of life and death.
Once a wise individual said, That old law about 'an eye for an eye' leaves everybody blind. The time is always right to do the right thing.
Once a wise individual said, Investors have few spare tires left. Think of the image of a car on a bumpy road to an uncertain destination that has already used up its spare tire. The cash reserves of people have been eaten up by the recent market volatility.
Once a wise individual said, You leave home to seek your fortune and, when you get it, you go home and share it with your family.
Once a wise individual said, We have that illusion that we are 'deciding' what to make a character do, in order to 'convey our message' or something like that. But, at least in my experience, you are often more like a river-rafting guide who's been paid a bonus to purposely steer your clients into the roughest possible water.
Once a wise individual said, This is my job and I respect it enough to concentrate on it.
Once a wise individual said, The cult of the individual is killing us. I think Twitter signals the death of western civilisation, but people have been saying that since Demosthenes.
Once a wise individual said, A God without dominion, providence, and final causes, is nothing else but fate and nature.
Once a wise individual said, If you give people nothingness, they can ponder what can be achieved from that nothingness.
Once a wise individual said, Trust and belief are two prime considerations. You must not allow yourself to be opinionated.
Once a wise individual said, The worst vice of the solitary is the worship of his food.
Once a wise individual said, My progress was rendered delightful by the sylvan elegance of the groves, chearful meadows, and high distant forests, which in grand order presented themselves to view.
Once a wise individual said, I'm human, I'm not perfect. I make mistakes all the time, but I guess my job is to keep those mistakes to myself, which I'm already fine doing and just try to be the best I can be for those kids.
Once a wise individual said, God gave me a great body and it's my duty to take care of my physical temple.
Once a wise individual said, Life is a banquet, and most poor suckers are starving to death.
Once a wise individual said, And I thought, when I have kids, that's the sort of well told, silly, and fun fairy tale that I would want to take them to. But it was an amazing experience. And I think Shrek is a real classic, a fairy tale classic.
Once a wise individual said, Work is like the rest of life. The best parts are free.
Once a wise individual said, Nature never makes any blunders, when she makes a fool she means it.
Once a wise individual said, I'm still that little girl who lisped and sat in the back of the car and threw vegetables at the back of her head when we drove home from the market. That never goes.
Once a wise individual said, For real change, we need feminine energy in the management of the world. We need a critical number of women in positions of power, and we need to nurture the feminine energy in men.
Once a wise individual said, And so when I moved to IBM, I moved because I thought I could apply technology. I didn't actually have to do my engineer - I was an electrical engineer, but I could apply it. And that was when I changed. And when I got there, though, I have to say, at the time, I really never felt there was a constraint about being a woman. I really did not.
Once a wise individual said, I look forward to a great future for America - a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose.
Once a wise individual said, People define Christianity differently. I think a large portion of our population are Christians, they're not all growing in their faith, they're not all active, but I believe that a lot of people believe in Jesus and believe that he is their Lord and Savior.
Once a wise individual said, I think we have lost our groove as a country. One of the reasons was the attack on 9/11. We got knocked off our game. From a country that always exported hope we went into the business of exporting fear.
Once a wise individual said, At the age of six I wanted to be a cook. At seven I wanted to be Napoleon. And my ambition has been growing steadily ever since.
Once a wise individual said, In choosing global corporate partners UNICEF emphasises compatibility with our core values and looks to build alliances that advance our mission of ensuring the health, education, equality and protection for all the world's children.
Once a wise individual said, Youth is a wonderful thing. What a crime to waste it on children.
Once a wise individual said, The real fight is about what should be in the marketplace and what should not. Should education be a marketable commodity? Should healthcare?
Once a wise individual said, The foolish and the dead alone never change their opinions.
Once a wise individual said, As a boy, I'd always had an interest in theater. But the idea at my school was that drama and music were to round out the man. It wasn't what one did for a living. I got over that.
Once a wise individual said, Family is conflict and it's something that we all relate to.
Once a wise individual said, I don't like country music, but I don't mean to denigrate those who do. And for the people who like country music, denigrate means 'put down'.
Once a wise individual said, The IRS! They're like the Mafia, they can take anything they want!
Once a wise individual said, The music business is motivated by money. Music is motivated by energy and feelings.
Once a wise individual said, Medical physics is an applied area of physics.
Once a wise individual said, Thunder is good, thunder is impressive but it is lightning that does the work.
Once a wise individual said, And I'm afraid, in this day and age, trust, which I count so, you know, I love loyalty. I love trust.
Once a wise individual said, All the people who follow me on Twitter know my sense of humor. I sometimes forget the blogosphere will give it more weight than I intended.
Once a wise individual said, Wisdom is found only in truth.
Once a wise individual said, The first step toward finding God, Who is Truth, is to discover the truth about myself: and if I have been in error, this first step to truth is the discovery of my error.
Once a wise individual said, My dad was the biggest influence on my life because he was never boring.
Once a wise individual said, My talent is such that no undertaking, however vast in size... has ever surpassed my courage.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think it's an incredibly radical premise to try and have sympathy for someone who has made a mistake.
Once a wise individual said, The seated lotus postures are an amazing way to go into meditation, or simply just to take a moment to ground oneself.
Once a wise individual said, My husband cooks fancier food for himself than I've ever cooked on-air. I call him from the road, and he's making champagne-vanilla salmon or black-cherry pork chop. Half of me is feeling unworthy. Not only am I not a chef, I'm not a better cook than my own husband!
Once a wise individual said, We must have great respect for these people who also suffer and who want to find their own way of correct living. On the other hand, to create a legal form of a kind of homosexual marriage, in reality, does not help these people.
Once a wise individual said, And think of how we challenged the idea of a male dominated Parliament with All-Women shortlists and made the cause of gender equality central to our government. We were right to do so.
Once a wise individual said, A man filled with the love of God is not content with blessing his family alone, but ranges through the whole world, anxious to bless the whole human race.
Once a wise individual said, My idea of a romantic night is to watch action films.
Once a wise individual said, I have no time for those who say there is no way Scotland could go it alone. I know first-hand the contribution Scotland and Scots make to Britain's success - so for me there's no question about whether Scotland could be an independent nation.
Once a wise individual said, We hold that the most wonderful and splendid proof of genius is a great poem produced in a civilized age.
Once a wise individual said, I really admire a woman for her intelligence, her personality. Beauty is not enough.
Once a wise individual said, The new pope knows that his task is to make the light of Christ shine before men and women of world - not his own light, but that of Christ.
Once a wise individual said, If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaughter.
Once a wise individual said, If one could be friendly with women, what a pleasure - the relationship so secret and private compared with relations with men. Why not write about it truthfully?
Once a wise individual said, I never search for a reason why - I have faith in the Lord's purpose.
Once a wise individual said, If any man claims the Negro should be content... let him say he would willingly change the color of his skin and go to live in the Negro section of a large city. Then and only then has he a right to such a claim.
Once a wise individual said, Death obsesses me, yes it does. I can't really understand why it doesn't obsess everyone - I think it does really, I'm just a little more out about it.
Once a wise individual said, Dreams are not without meaning wherever thay may come from-from fantasy, from the elements, or from other inspiration.
Once a wise individual said, Our trials, our sorrows, and our grieves develop us.
Once a wise individual said, People who know me , they know I have a sense of humor, I'm a bit of a joker, a bit of a clown really, and I would love someone to exploit that side of me and send me a romantic comedy.
Once a wise individual said, I'm sure there were times when I wish I had thought, 'Gosh, that might really embarrass mom and dad,' but our parents didn't raise us to think about them. They're very selfless and they wanted us to have as normal of a college life as possible. So really, we didn't think of any repercussions.
Once a wise individual said, I like my home and I like the nature.
Once a wise individual said, It's really a sad story, and I liked that. The songs on this album talk about relationships in every aspect.
Once a wise individual said, Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he isn't. A sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is.
Once a wise individual said, In the course of my life, I have often had to eat my words, and I must confess that I have always found it a wholesome diet.
Once a wise individual said, The United States established itself as a trustworthy new nation in its first two decades after the Revolutionary War by paying its debts, even when many in the country believed it had no obligation to do so. Alexander Hamilton, the founder of this newspaper, insisted on it.
Once a wise individual said, The bass, no matter what kind of music you're playing, it just enhances the sound and makes everything sound more beautiful and full. When the bass stops, the bottom kind of drops out of everything.
Once a wise individual said, It's the government's obligation to look really to the third parties to get the support to govern.
Once a wise individual said, Here once again education is crucial, it enables children to be become more aware of their rights and to exercise them in a respectful manner which helps them shape their own future.
Once a wise individual said, I was totally absorbed in the real world, the politics, the history, the news, and I just couldn't find my way into the fictional world... When I finally could return to writing the novel, it was in fits and starts.
Once a wise individual said, Love is not consolation. It is light.
Once a wise individual said, I have no doubt that we will be successful in harnessing the sun's energy. If sunbeams were weapons of war, we would have had solar energy centuries ago.
Once a wise individual said, The best thing about acting is that I get to lose myself in another character and actually get paid for it... It's a great outlet. I'm not really sure who I am - it seems I change every day.
Once a wise individual said, I know that campaigns can seem small, and even silly. Trivial things become big distractions. Serious issues become sound bites. And the truth gets buried under an avalanche of money and advertising. If you're sick of hearing me approve this message, believe me - so am I.
Once a wise individual said, If we as a society are willing to have a preference for organic food, the farmer can pass on the savings.
Once a wise individual said, I never wanted to be famous. I only wanted to be great.
Once a wise individual said, A lot has been written about Tony Perkins and myself and I figured, Let's get it straight. I had a relationship with Tony for two to three years, but those are only threads in the tapestry of my whole life.
Once a wise individual said, I have to struggle to change people's perceptions of me. I grew very frustrated with the perception that I'm this shy, retiring, inhibited aristocratic creature when I'm absolutely not like that at all. I think I'm much more outgoing and exuberant than my image.
Once a wise individual said, The fact that books today are mostly a string of words makes it easier to forget the text. With the impact of the iPad and the future of the book being up for re-imagination, I wonder whether we'll rediscover the importance of making texts richer visually.
Once a wise individual said, If there were only one truth, you couldn't paint a hundred canvases on the same theme.
Once a wise individual said, We seek peace, knowing that peace is the climate of freedom.
Once a wise individual said, As I speak to you today, government censors somewhere are working furiously to erase my words from the records of history. But history itself has already condemned these tactics.
Once a wise individual said, If you're a doctor or a lawyer or teacher, if you only get three things right out of 10, you're considered a failure.
Once a wise individual said, The summer before I went to culinary school, my family wanted me to take a job on a movie to make sure that I was making the right decision. I think they hoped I would change my mind about culinary school.
Once a wise individual said, There's more to life than movies.
Once a wise individual said, My parents came from Russia and suddenly they wound up in Boston, Massachusetts, Brookline, Massachusetts and they felt the sun rose and set on Franklin Delano Roosevelt's backside because he meant so much to them. This was freedom. This was something totally different from the Russia they had left.
Once a wise individual said, Religion is interesting because it brings out the best and the worst in humanity. It can be a source of good deeds, whether it's people from different spiritual backgrounds coming together to help other people in need after a crisis. But it's also a cause for war and bloodshed.
Once a wise individual said, True art is characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist.
Once a wise individual said, Even when a person has all of life's comforts - good food, good shelter, a companion - he or she can still become unhappy when encountering a tragic situation.
Once a wise individual said, I have run two Olympic 'A' standard times over the past 12 months and with the time I ran at the African Championships last week I know my speed and fitness are constantly improving so that I will peak in time for the Olympics.
Once a wise individual said, Until politics are a branch of science we shall do well to regard political and social reforms as experiments rather than short-cuts to the millennium.
Once a wise individual said, Men was formed for society, and is neither capable of living alone, nor has the courage to do it.
Once a wise individual said, Love is the most terrible, and also the most generous of the passions it is the only one which includes in its dreams the happiness of someone else.
Once a wise individual said, It is a power stronger than will. Could a stone escape from the laws of gravity? Impossible. Impossible, for evil to form an alliance with good.
Once a wise individual said, The alarm rings 4:45, again at 5, but I wake up 4:30 naturally. Shower, shave, orange juice, perk my own coffee, hear the news, and the CBS car arrives 5:30.
Once a wise individual said, Faith is not a sense, nor sight, nor reason, but taking God at His work.
Once a wise individual said, As a young man you don't notice at all that you were, after all, badly affected. For years afterwards, at least ten years, I kept getting these dreams, in which I had to crawl through ruined houses, along passages I could hardly get through.
Once a wise individual said, I want the French people to respect values that allow each individual to practice his or her faith, but in the frame of our common rules of secularism.
Once a wise individual said, You must be worthy of the best, but not more worthy than the rest.
Once a wise individual said, When I eventually met Mr. Right I had no idea that his first name was Always.
Once a wise individual said, Man's naked form belongs to no particular moment in history it is eternal, and can be looked upon with joy by the people of all ages.
Once a wise individual said, Sunscreen is my number 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 tip. I'm a fanatic, partially because I live in L.A. and have fair skin and freckles, and partially because of my kids. My mom always made me wear sunscreen and I'm trying to be that mom for them.
Once a wise individual said, What we call the secret of happiness is no more a secret than our willingness to choose life.
Once a wise individual said, It's a privilege to serve the poor, to be servants of noble Africans, but I better belong in the rehearsal room or in the studio with my band. That's where I want to be and I still wake up in the morning with melodies in my head.
Once a wise individual said, Every step and every movement of the multitude, even in what are termed enlightened ages, are made with equal blindness to the future and nations stumble upon establishments, which are indeed the result of human action, but not the execution of any human design.
Once a wise individual said, My mom started smoking when she was 11. She went to the hill next door to try her first cigarette. She set the entire hill on fire, but it didn't deter her.
Once a wise individual said, For me music is a vehicle to bring our pain to the surface, getting it back to that humble and tender spot where, with luck, it can lose its anger and become compassion again.
Once a wise individual said, It's funny how most activists are pacifists.
Once a wise individual said, I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.
Once a wise individual said, Which government is the best? The one that teaches us to govern ourselves.
Once a wise individual said, Men, their rights, and nothing more women, their rights, and nothing less.
Once a wise individual said, It's not just the NFL. Every other league has a draft. It has been fundamental to the success of professional sports.
Once a wise individual said, Everything takes me longer than I expect. It's the sad truth about life.
Once a wise individual said, Any existence deprived of freedom is a kind of death.
Once a wise individual said, Customs and convictions change respectable people are the last to know, or to admit, the change, and the ones most offended by fresh reflections of the facts in the mirror of art.
Once a wise individual said, Traveling is the ruin of all happiness! There's no looking at a building after seeing Italy.
Once a wise individual said, I never wanted to be a celebrity I never wanted to be famous. And in my daily life, I work really hard to not trade on it in any way.
Once a wise individual said, Today's students can put dope in their veins or hope in their brains. If they can conceive it and believe it, they can achieve it. They must know it is not their aptitude but their attitude that will determine their altitude.
Once a wise individual said, Disease and ill health are caused largely by damage at the molecular and cellular level, yet today's surgical tools are too large to deal with that kind of problem.
Once a wise individual said, Let's say a Soviet exchange student back in the '70s would go back and tell the KGB about people and places and things that he'd seen and done and been involved with. This is not really espionage there's no betrayal of trust.
Once a wise individual said, I have never been a material girl. My father always told me never to love anything that cannot love you back.
Once a wise individual said, Today's leading real-world retailer, Wal-Mart, uses software to power its logistics and distribution capabilities, which it has used to crush its competition.
Once a wise individual said, The White House is giving George W. Bush intelligence briefings. You know, some of these jokes just write themselves.
Once a wise individual said, I love biomedical science, I love astronomy, and you can't really do much with those in a fantasy setting.
Once a wise individual said, Baseball players are smarter than football players. How often do you see a baseball team penalized for too many men on the field?
Once a wise individual said, We can't afford to sacrifice another generation of American children to bureaucratic politics. We've got to get it done. The future, the health, the life - our nation depends on it and it's just foolish to think or act otherwise.
Once a wise individual said, Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything - all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure - these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important.
Once a wise individual said, On movies, you have a lot of stylists that get things too pretty. Everything gets steamed and ironed. It's just not the way we really behave.
Once a wise individual said, There are few more powerful tools for promoting stability than the institution of marriage.
Once a wise individual said, In my books, I never portray violence as a reasonable solution to a problem. If the lead characters in the story are driven to it, it's at the extreme end of their experience.
Once a wise individual said, Baseball is a public trust. Players turn over, owners turn over and certain commissioners turn over. But baseball goes on.
Once a wise individual said, At my age you don't go into fatherhood lightly.
Once a wise individual said, If you want to change the way your banking system is regulated, if you want to learn the mistakes of what's gone wrong, then you have to change your government.
Once a wise individual said, I happen to be interested in watching a face age. I like faces of women aging so it makes me personally quite sad. That's a beautiful gift from God. If people don't want to see that anymore then I won't be in anymore movies.
Once a wise individual said, I feel so good after a workout. Any time you can be alone with yourself is really important.
Once a wise individual said, The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out.
Once a wise individual said, My friends, whoever has had experience of evils knows how whenever a flood of ills comes upon mortals, a man fears everything but whenever a divine force cheers on our voyage, then we believe that the same fate will always blow fair.
Once a wise individual said, Man has to awaken to wonder - and so perhaps do peoples. Science is a way of sending him to sleep again.
Once a wise individual said, Raising a small child as a woman while travelling 10 months out of the year would, I believe, be something I would not be able or even want to do, although with the amazing example of Leila, I am no longer so sure.
Once a wise individual said, We thought, because we had power, we had wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, In itself, homosexuality is as limiting as heterosexuality: the ideal should be to be capable of loving a woman or a man either, a human being, without feeling fear, restraint, or obligation.
Once a wise individual said, Because of indifference, one dies before one actually dies.
Once a wise individual said, Besides the fact that I make movies, there's nothing interesting about my life at all, unfortunately.
Once a wise individual said, I think my attitude to human beings has changed since leaving prison.
Once a wise individual said, The history of the world is the record of the weakness, frailty and death of public opinion.
Once a wise individual said, There is a natural aristocracy among men. The grounds of this are virtue and talents.
Once a wise individual said, Prescription: A physician's guess at what will best prolong the situation with least harm to the patient.
Once a wise individual said, I think it's naive to pray for world peace if we're not going to change the form in which we live.
Once a wise individual said, I was taught that to create anything you had to believe in failure, simply because you had to be prepared to go through an idea without any fear. Failure, you learned, as I did in art school, to be a wonderful thing. It allowed you to get up in the morning and take the pillow off your head.
Once a wise individual said, Your diet is a bank account. Good food choices are good investments.
Once a wise individual said, Clouds symbolize the veils that shroud God.
Once a wise individual said, Do you ever get the feeling that the only reason we have elections is to find out if the polls were right?
Once a wise individual said, I'm always looking for cool stuff to do because that's what we're supposed to do, ya know?
Once a wise individual said, Those who enjoy their own emotionally bad health and who habitually fill their own minds with the rank poisons of suspicion, jealousy and hatred, as a rule take umbrage at those who refuse to do likewise, and they find a perverted relief in trying to denigrate them.
Once a wise individual said, I know what I look like - a weird, sad clown puppet. I'm fine with that.
Once a wise individual said, Checking the results of a decision against its expectations shows executives what their strengths are, where they need to improve, and where they lack knowledge or information.
Once a wise individual said, In my world, history comes down to language and art. No one cares much about what battles were fought, who won them and who lost them - unless there is a painting, a play, a song or a poem that speaks of the event.
Once a wise individual said, For once I want to have a relationship outside the public eye.
Once a wise individual said, In retrospect, the Millennium marked only a moment in time. It was the events of September 11 that marked a turning point in history, where we confront the dangers of the future and assess the choices facing humankind.
Once a wise individual said, I try to just talk about human stories and what I think about religion or teapots or whatever.
Once a wise individual said, When I think it's good not to say the truth, I don't say anything. I don't like actors in general, they lie, they are liars, trust me.
Once a wise individual said, I want to be a morning-talk-show host. I love Kelly Ripa's job. She gets to live in New York and has this amazing job hosting a talk show.
Once a wise individual said, So I went for engineering, specifically product design, which I enjoyed.
Once a wise individual said, There's something that's sexy about a guy who has the strength to kill somebody, but is also vulnerable enough to be in love. It's just those two sides - like, I don't know why, but women for some reason aren't attracted to normal guys, like, guys who are in between.
Once a wise individual said, Now, God be praised, that to believing souls gives light in darkness, comfort in despair.
Once a wise individual said, You cannot be President of the United States if you don't have faith. Remember Lincoln, going to his knees in times of trial in the Civil War and all that stuff.
Once a wise individual said, God will prepare everything for our perfect happiness in heaven, and if it takes my dog being there, I believe he'll be there.
Once a wise individual said, I hope you will no longer accuse me of a lack of delicacy. as I now count on your understanding.
Once a wise individual said, For every minute, the future is becoming the past.
Once a wise individual said, Croatia is an amazing place.
Once a wise individual said, One of my first jobs was at the Boston Globe. I worked in the sports department six months a year. When I was ready to graduate, the sports editor gave me a job as a schoolboy sports writer.
Once a wise individual said, World War II, the atomic bomb, the Cold War, made it hard for Americans to continue their optimism.
Once a wise individual said, Advertising is a racket, like the movies and the brokerage business. You cannot be honest without admitting that its constructive contribution to humanity is exactly minus zero.
Once a wise individual said, We are a people that have always celebrated other people's success so long as we always had the opportunity to meet that success ourselves. That is the American nature. That is the American character. That is one of the things that makes us different from the rest of the world. And I'm afraid we could lose that or are on the verge of losing that.
Once a wise individual said, We are all different. Yet we are all God's children. We are all united behind this country and the common cause of freedom, justice, fairness, and equality. That is what unites us.
Once a wise individual said, Congress will pass a law restricting public comment on the Internet to individuals who have spent a minimum of one hour actually accomplishing a specific task while on line.
Once a wise individual said, First I shall name the eagle, of which there are three species: the great grey eagle is the largest, of great strength and high flight he chiefly preys on fawns and other young quadrupeds.
Once a wise individual said, I used to think religion was just more of the same thing. Dump responsibility on the big guy. Now I see an importance in that. It's a relief to accept that not everything is under your control.
Once a wise individual said, We've switched from a culture that was interested in manufacturing, economics, politics - trying to play a serious part in the world - to a culture that's really entertainment-based.
Once a wise individual said, I first became a vegetarian when I was nine, in response to an argument made by a radical babysitter. My great change - which lasted a couple of weeks - was based on the very simple instinct that it's wrong to kill animals for food.
Once a wise individual said, The scientific observer of Nature is a kind of mystic seeker in the act of prayer.
Once a wise individual said, I've had to learn to fight all my life - got to learn to keep smiling. If you smile things will work out.
Once a wise individual said, We have got too many kids around the house to have a romantic meal at home. But Danielle is a fantastic cook. She does a brilliant lasagne, great roasts and a great chilli dish. She knows the way to my heart.
Once a wise individual said, There is nothing worse than a sharp image of a fuzzy concept.
Once a wise individual said, Uncertainty is the refuge of hope.
Once a wise individual said, Change yourself and your work will seem different.
Once a wise individual said, I grew up when I was 15 when I had my first opportunity in movies. I watched every great movie for a year and a half, and since then I've asked myself how I can emulate such artistry. That's really my motivation. I want to do something as good as my heroes have done.
Once a wise individual said, Religion and art spring from the same root and are close kin. Economics and art are strangers.
Once a wise individual said, You may invite the entire 35th Division to your wedding if you want to. I guess it's going to be yours as well as mine. We might as well have the church full while we are at it.
Once a wise individual said, After working for years in Hollywood where the actors have taken over, it was a real relief to get down there and not only have some children, but also have some actors that had no attitude.
Once a wise individual said, Most food you drop is still perfectly edible. If it was in your eyesight the whole time, you can pick it up and eat it.
Once a wise individual said, The loss of liberty which must attend being a wife was of all things the most horrible to my imagination.
Once a wise individual said, Therefore I am sure that this, my Coronation, is not the symbol of a power and a splendor that are gone but a declaration of our hopes for the future, and for the years I may, by God's Grace and Mercy, be given to reign and serve you as your Queen.
Once a wise individual said, Fortune knocks but once, but misfortune has much more patience.
Once a wise individual said, We take our kids for physical vaccinations, dental exams, eye checkups. When do we think to take our - our son or daughter for a mental health checkup?
Once a wise individual said, The ultimate test of a moral society is the kind of world that it leaves to its children.
Once a wise individual said, Fear is proof of a degenerate mind.
Once a wise individual said, There have been times when I felt suicidal and I would stop my head from going in that direction of negativity because I thought there'd be something I'd miss that was funny in the future. If there's a chance I'm going to laugh tomorrow then want to live to experience that.
Once a wise individual said, Perfect numbers like perfect men are very rare.
Once a wise individual said, I was going to be an architect. I graduated with a degree in architecture and I had a scholarship to go back to Princeton and get my Masters in architecture. I'd done theatricals in college, but I'd done them because it was fun.
Once a wise individual said, There is a trade off - as you grow older you gain wisdom but you lose spontaneity.
Once a wise individual said, There is nothing more important than a good, safe, secure home.
Once a wise individual said, We have today a fairly thorough knowledge of the early Greco-Roman period because our motivations are the same.
Once a wise individual said, I wouldn't say I'm a method actor. I do research when I feel I don't have enough experience for the part I'm playing.
Once a wise individual said, I conceived in art college at the age of 20, near the end of term.
Once a wise individual said, There are two kinds of women, those who want power in the world and those who want power in bed.
Once a wise individual said, We have by far the most expensive health system in the world. We spend 50 percent more per person than the next most costly nation. Americans spend more on health care than housing or food.
Once a wise individual said, There is nothing glamorous about death.
Once a wise individual said, A reporter's ability to keep the bond of confidentiality often enables him to learn the hidden or secret aspects of government.
Once a wise individual said, One good teacher in a lifetime may sometimes change a delinquent into a solid citizen.
Once a wise individual said, We call our country home of the brave and land of the free, but it's not. We give a false portrayal of freedom. We're not free - if we were, we'd allow people their freedom.
Once a wise individual said, No student ever attains very eminent success by simply doing what is required of him: it is the amount and excellence of what is over and above the required, that determines the greatness of ultimate distinction.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do.
Once a wise individual said, It's easier to change what you do than people think it is. If you don't change, your field changes around you.
Once a wise individual said, To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner was you.
Once a wise individual said, I realize that of all people, I am no expert on parenting or marriage.
Once a wise individual said, Every time I got 'Amazing Spider-Man' or 'Fantastic Four' or another book firmly on the rails, we got pulled into some big event book or crossover and it cost momentum and messed badly with the pacing and structure of the book.
Once a wise individual said, The war in Iraq, clearly has not turned out in the way that was hoped.
Once a wise individual said, Our greatest lack is not money for any undertaking, but rather ideas, If the ideas are good, cash will somehow flow to where it is needed.
Once a wise individual said, Aristotle maintained that women have fewer teeth than men although he was twice married, it never occurred to him to verify this statement by examining his wives' mouths.
Once a wise individual said, I understand that computers, which I once believed to be but a hermaphrodite typewriter-cum-filing cabinet, offer the cyber literate increased ability to communicate. I do not think this is altogether a bad thing, however it may appear on the surface.
Once a wise individual said, Creatively, I thought we were still viable and could do more records. But our working relationship just wasn't happening at all, and our chemistry as people broke down because of that.
Once a wise individual said, Photography is more than a medium for factual communication of ideas. It is a creative art.
Once a wise individual said, When we are dealing with death we are constantly being dragged down by the event: Humor diverts our attention and lifts our sagging spirits.
Once a wise individual said, Ninety percent of all music is always crap, and when too many people decide they're going to have guitar bands, then ninety percent of them are going to be crap. It's just a given law.
Once a wise individual said, Not drunk is he who from the floor - Can rise alone and still drink more But drunk is They, who prostrate lies, Without the power to drink or rise.
Once a wise individual said, My parents shared not only an improbable love, they shared an abiding faith in the possibilities of this nation. They would give me an African name, Barack, or blessed, believing that in a tolerant America your name is no barrier to success.
Once a wise individual said, Luck is everything... My good luck in life was to be a really frightened person. I'm fortunate to be a coward, to have a low threshold of fear, because a hero couldn't make a good suspense film.
Once a wise individual said, People aren't just paying more to fill their gas tanks or when they pay for their heating bills for their home they are paying more at the grocery store, on air travel and for many other daily expenses.
Once a wise individual said, In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
Once a wise individual said, I respect the game that goes on of putting this against that, but I don't respect, nor do I enjoy, an awful lot of the actual programs that go on the air.
Once a wise individual said, Everything makes me nervous - except making films.
Once a wise individual said, I have always had the courage for the new things that life sometimes offers.
Once a wise individual said, I love my mother Ali so much. I'm a momma's boy. I just have a very cool mom. It's not as though I had any say in the matter. I'm just really fortunate. She's the most kind, loving, giving woman.
Once a wise individual said, People like eccentrics. Therefore they will leave me alone, saying that I am a mad clown.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a military kid, both parents in the military - Mom did 12 years, Dad did 21, served in two wars. So discipline is something that was huge.
Once a wise individual said, In order to excel, you must be completely dedicated to your chosen sport. You must also be prepared to work hard and be willing to accept constructive criticism. Without one-hundred percent dedication, you won't be able to do this.
Once a wise individual said, Every writer has his writing technique - what he can and can't do to describe something like war or history. I'm not good at writing about those things, but I try because I feel it is necessary to write that kind of thing.
Once a wise individual said, Whenever I'm in theatre situations I will go out of my way not to talk about my father, but in the film world I can be really proud of my family and say, 'You know what: my dad's a really, really famous theatre director,' because nobody has any idea.
Once a wise individual said, We can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection.
Once a wise individual said, Music inflames temperament.
Once a wise individual said, Without pain, there would be no suffering, without suffering we would never learn from our mistakes. To make it right, pain and suffering is the key to all windows, without it, there is no way of life.
Once a wise individual said, The rise of Google, the rise of Facebook, the rise of Apple, I think are proof that there is a place for computer science as something that solves problems that people face every day.
Once a wise individual said, I strongly support the call to greatly expand our human intelligence capability to penetrate al Qaeda and gather critical intelligence to prevent terrorist attacks on our homeland.
Once a wise individual said, I believe people who go into politics want to do the right thing. And then they hit a big wall of re-election and the pettiness of politics. In the end, politics gets in the way of the business of people.
Once a wise individual said, I brought together experts from health care, business, academic institutions, and the community to develop a comprehensive blueprint for eliminating racial and ethnic disparities in health care in the City of Boston.
Once a wise individual said, Non-cooperation with evil is as much a duty as is cooperation with good.
Once a wise individual said, You don't despair about something like the Middle East, you just do the best you can.
Once a wise individual said, The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
Once a wise individual said, Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.
Once a wise individual said, I think that this is the first war in history that on the morrow the victors sued for peace and the vanquished called for unconditional surrender.
Once a wise individual said, The vegan diet is obviously lacking whatever essential nutrient it is that makes people likeable.
Once a wise individual said, I was just learning to play guitar when Tracy Chapman came out. She wrote these songs, she played them by herself and I so admired her for that.
Once a wise individual said, We've lost touch and allowed technology to take precedence over organic nature. But let's not forget that those microchips in our computers came from elements of the earth.
Once a wise individual said, There's always going to be dreams and goals I have, but I never really tell people what they are.
Once a wise individual said, I try to devote my afternoons to making music in my home studio, but it's a lot more fun hanging out with musicians and friends, and trying subtly to influence a band than making your own stuff.
Once a wise individual said, Better to die in the pursuit of civilized values, we believed, than in a flight underground. We were offering a value system couched in the language of science.
Once a wise individual said, It takes a lot of courage to release the familiar and seemingly secure, to embrace the new. But there is no real security in what is no longer meaningful. There is more security in the adventurous and exciting, for in movement there is life, and in change there is power.
Once a wise individual said, Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much.
Once a wise individual said, Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life.
Once a wise individual said, Morality without religion is only a kind of dead reckoning - an endeavor to find our place on a cloudy sea by measuring the distance we have run, but without any observation of the heavenly bodies.
Once a wise individual said, Romantic love is an illusion. Most of us discover this truth at the end of a love affair or else when the sweet emotions of love lead us into marriage and then turn down their flames.
Once a wise individual said, I stopped loving my father a long time ago. What remained was the slavery to a pattern.
Once a wise individual said, Completeness? Happiness? These words don't come close to describing my emotions. There truly is nothing I can say to capture what motherhood means to me, particularly given my medical history.
Once a wise individual said, It is by going down into the abyss that we recover the treasures of life. Where you stumble, there lies your treasure.
Once a wise individual said, The sum of the whole is plainly this: The nature of man considered in his single capacity, and with respect only to the present world, is adapted and leads him to attain the greatest happiness he can for himself in the present world.
Once a wise individual said, My mother kept asking me, 'When are you going to do a gospel album?' And I've always wanted to do a gospel album. Everybody was going on about it, so mom started hounding me more.
Once a wise individual said, I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.
Once a wise individual said, Contentment does not come from achievement. It comes from a relationship with the Lord.
Once a wise individual said, Right now, I'm following the Buddhist principle: Smile as abuse is hurled your way and this too shall pass.
Once a wise individual said, If I'm pushed, I'd also have to admit I don't like people with allergies. They just annoy me. There seems to be something far too self-centred about it. 'No thanks, I'm allergic.' Why not just say 'No thanks'? I wasn't asking for your medical history, I was just passing around the nuts. Trying to be friendly, that's all.
Once a wise individual said, With faith and courage, generations of Armenians have overcome great suffering and proudly preserved their culture, traditions, and religion and have told the story of the genocide to an often indifferent world.
Once a wise individual said, I try to greet my friends with a drink in my hand, a warm smile on my face, and great music in the background, because that's what gets a dinner party off to a fun start.
Once a wise individual said, In Nicaragua, liberty, equality and the rule of law were the stuff of dreams. But in Paris I discovered the value of those words.
Once a wise individual said, Some people go to priests others to poetry I to my friends.
Once a wise individual said, There is as much wisdom in listening as there is in speaking - and that goes for all relationships, not just romantic ones.
Once a wise individual said, Experience demands that man is the only animal which devours his own kind, for I can apply no milder term to the general prey of the rich on the poor.
Once a wise individual said, Even in literature and art, no man who bothers about originality will ever be original: whereas if you simply try to tell the truth (without caring twopence how often it has been told before) you will, nine times out of ten, become original without ever having noticed it.
Once a wise individual said, Getting out of the hospital is a lot like resigning from a book club. You're not out of it until the computer says you're out of it.
Once a wise individual said, I find that it's hard to fully examine one's life and not have faith be part of the discussion.
Once a wise individual said, I am not a scientist. I am, rather, an impresario of scientists.
Once a wise individual said, Usually a family is led through the mom or the dad and their career and for the family to be led by my career, even though God has led it, could be a lot of pressure.
Once a wise individual said, It is strange to be known so universally and yet to be so lonely.
Once a wise individual said, To me, photography is an art of observation. It's about finding something interesting in an ordinary place... I've found it has little to do with the things you see and everything to do with the way you see them.
Once a wise individual said, I want to do as little as possible when I finish playing ball - just spend a lot more time with my family.
Once a wise individual said, In love, unlike most other passions, the recollection of what you have had and lost is always better than what you can hope for in the future.
Once a wise individual said, Men are so simple and yield so readily to the desires of the moment that he who will trick will always find another who will suffer to be tricked.
Once a wise individual said, Know the true value of time snatch, seize, and enjoy every moment of it. No idleness, no laziness, no procrastination: never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Once a wise individual said, He who rides the sea of the Nile must have sails woven of patience.
Once a wise individual said, Being on your own would be sad, sick and weird. I don't trust myself. I need that balance.
Once a wise individual said, In the first place, God made idiots. That was for practice. Then he made school boards.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not alone, I'm free. I no longer have to be a credit, I don't have to be a symbol to anybody I don't have to be a first to anybody.
Once a wise individual said, Property may be destroyed and money may lose its purchasing power but, character, health, knowledge and good judgement will always be in demand under all conditions.
Once a wise individual said, Since 1970, relationships can be more volatile, jobs more ephemeral, geographical mobility more intensified, stability of marriage weaker.
Once a wise individual said, Americans will respect your beliefs if you just keep them private.
Once a wise individual said, What can be added to the happiness of a man who is in health, out of debt, and has a clear conscience?
Once a wise individual said, I would love to do more movies, but the reality is women have many more opportunities on television to play a greater variety of characters.
Once a wise individual said, 'Not again!' I thought to myself this morning, as news trickled out that John McCain was set to pick Alaska governor Sarah Palin as his running mate. Not again, because too often women are promoted for the wrong reasons, and then blamed when things don't go right.
Once a wise individual said, I lived by the candlelight for two years because I couldn't afford power. It was nice and romantic at the time, but if you can't afford power you're pretty broke. You endure it.
Once a wise individual said, Let us more and more insist on raising funds of love, of kindness, of understanding, of peace. Money will come if we seek first the Kingdom of God - the rest will be given.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think anyone should write their autobiography until after they're dead.
Once a wise individual said, Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit.
Once a wise individual said, I am for gay marriage. Or same-sex marriage. I don't want to say it the wrong way. I think people are sensitive to it. I have been painted as being this right-wing zealot on choice. Nothing could be further from the truth.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think Hollywood was trying to do anything with me. In fact, they lost interest pretty quick. I think I got lucky, briefly, in the '90s, and it just so happened that those movies were the opportunities that came my way. Then it just kind of stopped.
Once a wise individual said, Onion rings in the car cushions do not improve with time.
Once a wise individual said, Obama won the presidency on the strength of his message and the skills of the messenger. Now the talk of hope and change feels out of tune when so many Americans are out of work, over-mortgaged, and worried that life will be even tougher for their children.
Once a wise individual said, In life, single women are the most vulnerable adults. In movies, they are given imaginary power.
Once a wise individual said, One should believe in marriage as in the immortality of the soul.
Once a wise individual said, From their experience or from the recorded experience of others (history), men learn only what their passions and their metaphysical prejudices allow them to learn.
Once a wise individual said, I think I'm fascinated by the power of religion in our culture. Like a lot of secular, liberal people, I ignored it for a long time. Lately, of course, just from a political perspective, it's impossible to ignore.
Once a wise individual said, There is no limit to the power of loving.
Once a wise individual said, Men do change, and change comes like a little wind that ruffles the curtains at dawn, and it comes like the stealthy perfume of wildflowers hidden in the grass.
Once a wise individual said, The appreciative smile, the chuckle, the soundless mirth, so important to the success of comedy, cannot be understood unless one sits among the audience and feels the warmth created by the quality of laughter that the audience takes home with it.
Once a wise individual said, I hope and trust the infinite, the eternal, and merciful and loving God. I worship Him and feel no guilt in my heart before him for what I am going to do.
Once a wise individual said, The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.
Once a wise individual said, Every Christmas now for years, I have found myself wondering about the point of the celebration. As the holiday has become more ecumenical and secular, it has lost much of the magic that I remember so fondly from childhood.
Once a wise individual said, For some reason I can't explain, artist and musicians tend to look younger than our age. Being in music, you need this youthful sense of discovery and wonder for what you're doing and keep your imagination open. That's a youthful way of looking at life and I think that reflects in how you age.
Once a wise individual said, I'll never forget that show season. It was completely mad. I was staying between Christy and Naomi's rooms and it was all limos and the Ritz Hotel and all that kind of business.
Once a wise individual said, God created the world the laws of nature were created by God. True science tries to find out what God put in the world. The trouble is where scientists speculate about theology and they don't know what they're talking about because they weren't there. They can't speculate about the origins of life because they weren't there.
Once a wise individual said, There is no way to be truly great in this world. We are all impaled on the crook of conditioning.
Once a wise individual said, Take a course in good water and air and in the eternal youth of Nature you may renew your own. Go quietly, alone no harm will befall you.
Once a wise individual said, That there's no more important decision in life than who you marry.
Once a wise individual said, I don't really count myself as a very sophisticated businessperson. I'm a creative artist. All I know from business I've picked up along the way.
Once a wise individual said, The world does not look to us in the Arab world out of a healthy desire for knowledge.
Once a wise individual said, The value of government to the people it serves is in direct relationship to the interest citizens themselves display in the affairs of state.
Once a wise individual said, I'm so secluded. Very alone.
Once a wise individual said, The fact that the church is convinced of not having the right to confer priestly ordination on women is now considered by some as irreconcilable with the European Constitution.
Once a wise individual said, Maybe there's a chance to get back to grown-up films. Anything that uses humor and dramatic values to deal with human emotions and gets down to what people are to people.
Once a wise individual said, What we have most to fear is failure of the heart.
Once a wise individual said, Knowledge of what is does not open the door directly to what should be.
Once a wise individual said, People's dreams are made out of what they do all day. The same way a dog that runs after rabbits will dream of rabbits. It's what you do that makes your soul, not the other way around.
Once a wise individual said, My favorite thing is to be alone in a room with a blank paper in front of me and the time to fill it.
Once a wise individual said, You can never trust what you read.
Once a wise individual said, The compensation of a very early success is a conviction that life is a romantic matter. In the best sense one stays young.
Once a wise individual said, Sorrow is a fruit. God does not make it grow on limbs too weak to bear it.
Once a wise individual said, I guess something that I've noticed from American acts who had success in touring is more of an explanation as to their music. Which is I think quite funny. I think British acts might like to leave more to the imagination - maybe a bit more obscure perhaps - a bit more shy.
Once a wise individual said, Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain.
Once a wise individual said, I try to read for pleasure whenever I can - it's a great way just to shut it off for a while so your brain doesn't get fried.
Once a wise individual said, It is difficult to accept death in this society because it is unfamiliar. In spite of the fact that it happens all the time, we never see it.
Once a wise individual said, You have to understand the tone of the movie, because if it's supposed to be funny, it can be funny violent like the Home Alone stuff, but you have to really understand the tone of what you're doing and make the action work for that and for the character.
Once a wise individual said, They needed someone to write a script of The Great Gatsby very quickly for the movie they were making. I took this job so I'd be sure to have some dough to support my family.
Once a wise individual said, Success needs no explanation. Failure does not have one that matters.
Once a wise individual said, We have convinced over one billion members of the Islamic faith that we are prejudiced against their religion, that we would deny them freedom of religion, that we want suppress their culture and invade their governments.
Once a wise individual said, Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well.
Once a wise individual said, Youth is the period in which a man can be hopeless. The end of every episode is the end of the world. But the power of hoping through everything, the knowledge that the soul survives its adventures, that great inspiration comes to the middle-aged.
Once a wise individual said, When a woman earns a dollar, the payback is higher. She'll invest in her children, in their education, health care, and basic needs. The impact of a woman's role in the economy benefits society at large.
Once a wise individual said, What is faith? If you believe something because you have evidence for it, or rational argument, that is not faith. So faith seems to be believing something despite the absence of evidence or rational argument for it.
Once a wise individual said, I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.
Once a wise individual said, Not only is women's work never done, the definition keeps changing.
Once a wise individual said, For a long time I tried to manage an honesty and openness about my personal life because I'm human and I'm normal - well, semi-normal.
Once a wise individual said, I suddenly had this really mad desire to have an affair with a woman. I was divorced. I was childless. I figured there's got to be one more way to really tick off my mom.
Once a wise individual said, My parents' marriage was very rocky. They were always arguing. When they split up when I was in my 20s, my brother and I were both delighted because we knew they weren't good for each other.
Once a wise individual said, In New York City, you can walk down the street and see a girl in a trench who looks equally as cool as a girl wearing Lululemon. It's like you're watching models. You see a little of everything right by you.
Once a wise individual said, The greater the power, the more dangerous the abuse.
Once a wise individual said, To get power over is to defile. To possess is to defile.
Once a wise individual said, The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.
Once a wise individual said, As one digs deeper into the national character of the Americans, one sees that they have sought the value of everything in this world only in the answer to this single question: how much money will it bring in?
Once a wise individual said, I can make dressing - or stuffing. Y'all call it stuffing up here, we call it dressing down there. It's really good dressing. That family recipe was passed on, and I love to make that.
Once a wise individual said, With a host of proposals on the table and a President examining new ideas for health reform, we have an obligation to give real reform our best shot.
Once a wise individual said, I'm dealing with fools and trolls and soft targets. It's just strafing runs in my underwear before my first cup of coffee. I don't have time for these clowns.
Once a wise individual said, I have to keep reminding myself: If you give your life to God, he doesn't promise you happiness and that everything will go well. But he does promise you peace. You can have peace and joy, even in bad circumstances.
Once a wise individual said, Thanks to my mother, not a single cardboard box has found its way back into society. We receive gifts in boxes from stores that went out of business twenty years ago.
Once a wise individual said, Nature shows that with the growth of intelligence comes increased capacity for pain, and it is only with the highest degree of intelligence that suffering reaches its supreme point.
Once a wise individual said, There are no true friends in politics. We are all sharks circling, and waiting, for traces of blood to appear in the water.
Once a wise individual said, Money equals freedom.
Once a wise individual said, I don't know if I believe in love at first sight, but of course I believe in two people having chemistry right away. A girl should be really easy to talk to. When I lose track of time because we've been talking, I think that's really fun.
Once a wise individual said, The people will save their government, if the government itself will allow them.
Once a wise individual said, People make music to get a reaction. Music is communication.
Once a wise individual said, It is funny that men who are supposed to be scientific cannot get themselves to realise the basic principle of physics, that action and reaction are equal and opposite, that when you persecute people you always rouse them to be strong and stronger.
Once a wise individual said, Much that we read of Russia is imagination and desire only.
Once a wise individual said, The art of life is to know how to enjoy a little and to endure very much.
Once a wise individual said, I don't like to boast, but I have probably skipped more poetry than any other person of my age and weight in this country.
Once a wise individual said, Necessity is blind until it becomes conscious. Freedom is the consciousness of necessity.
Once a wise individual said, Family love is messy, clinging, and of an annoying and repetitive pattern, like bad wallpaper.
Once a wise individual said, Love. Fall in love and stay in love. Write only what you love, and love what you write. The key word is love. You have to get up in the morning and write something you love, something to live for.
Once a wise individual said, I'll tell you, Quentin Tarantino really writes the most amazing dialogue.
Once a wise individual said, No man should bring children into the world who is unwilling to persevere to the end in their nature and education.
Once a wise individual said, We couldn't get the car back until well after the end of the race and we had very little time for repairs.
Once a wise individual said, The number one benefit of information technology is that it empowers people to do what they want to do. It lets people be creative. It lets people be productive. It lets people learn things they didn't think they could learn before, and so in a sense it is all about potential.
Once a wise individual said, On a summer night it can be lovely to sit around outside with friends after dinner and, yes, read poetry to each other. Keats and Yeats will never let you down, but it's differently exciting to read the work of poets who are still walking around out there.
Once a wise individual said, Our whole society is instantaneous.
Once a wise individual said, I think my mother is my biggest influence. There are so many things I hate about her but at the same time I'm thankful for her. All I know is that when I'm a parent I want to be just like my mom. I can talk to my mom more than any of my friends could talk to their parents.
Once a wise individual said, I tell girls all the time that the men that have fallen in love with me, have all fallen during a man repeller stage... funny how life works out like that.
Once a wise individual said, There are three methods to gaining wisdom. The first is reflection, which is the highest. The second is limitation, which is the easiest. The third is experience, which is the bitterest.
Once a wise individual said, Men create gods after their own image, not only with regard to their form but with regard to their mode of life.
Once a wise individual said, Whereas you have someone like Houdini, who works really, really hard to get really, really famous, and then has actual intellectual ideas that he puts into the culture that stay there.
Once a wise individual said, I think I'm pretty smart on what I spend my money on. I still don't have a new car, I drive my old car that I've had forever. But I bought a house in downtown Chicago.
Once a wise individual said, Old myths, old gods, old heroes have never died. They are only sleeping at the bottom of our mind, waiting for our call. We have need for them. They represent the wisdom of our race.
Once a wise individual said, Geographically, Ireland is a medium-sized rural island that is slowly but steadily being consumed by sheep.
Once a wise individual said, Nature says women are human beings, men have made religions to deny it. Nature says women are human beings, men cry out no!
Once a wise individual said, A lot of people fear death because they think that so overwhelming an experience has to be painful, but I've seen quite a few deaths, and, with one exception, I've never known anyone to undergo anything like agony. That's amazing when you think about it. I mean, how complicated the mechanism is that's being taken apart.
Once a wise individual said, The knowledge of yourself will preserve you from vanity.
Once a wise individual said, All in all it was a smooth race, the car was very well balanced. I'm very proud to be the first winner here in India.
Once a wise individual said, If I designed a computer with 200 chips, I tried to design it with 150. And then I would try to design it with 100. I just tried to find every trick I could in life to design things real tiny.
Once a wise individual said, Christmas... is not an external event at all, but a piece of one's home that one carries in one's heart.
Once a wise individual said, Family life was wonderful. The streets were bleak. The playgrounds were bleak. But home was always warm. My mother and father had a great relationship. I always felt 'safe' there.
Once a wise individual said, Hurtling the Pentagon into an unprecedented budgetary meltdown is horrifically irresponsible. Obama doesn't care. This is war - not against the Taliban, but war against the GOP. He has Republicans on the ropes, and that's a victory he savors and desires - unlike Afghanistan, where he seems only to want to turn tail.
Once a wise individual said, Each State has its own health insurance mandates, and some of them are good, but there are about 1,800 of them all across the Nation, including provisions for acupuncturists, massage therapists, and hair replacements.
Once a wise individual said, In essence, String Theory describes space and time, matter and energy, gravity and light, indeed all of God's creation... as music.
Once a wise individual said, The writer must earn money in order to be able to live and to write, but he must by no means live and write for the purpose of making money.
Once a wise individual said, When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
Once a wise individual said, I never found anyone who was good enough, who I could trust enough.
Once a wise individual said, It is not length of life, but depth of life.
Once a wise individual said, Human rights commissions, as they are evolving, are an attack on our fundamental freedoms and the basic existence of a democratic society... It is in fact totalitarianism. I find this is very scary stuff.
Once a wise individual said, I got to play with Nintendo's Wii, yes it's a funny name and not very revolutionary but it was fun whipping your arms around.
Once a wise individual said, We all would like to see a brighter future for Haiti, and I hope this conference will serve to explore many views. Respect for human rights, freedom, and the rule of law must be established in the poorest nation in our hemisphere.
Once a wise individual said, Some people train for certain sports and I want to train to be able to hold a super heavy electric guitar and carry luggage around myself because I always have to have 7,000 pairs of shoes. Who cares about sports?
Once a wise individual said, Whoever tramples on the plea for justice temperately made in the name of peace only outrages peace and kills something fine in the heart of man which God put there when we got our manhood.
Once a wise individual said, Death is not the end. There remains the litigation over the estate.
Once a wise individual said, Middle age is the awkward period when Father Time starts catching up with Mother Nature.
Once a wise individual said, It's so funny looking back, but my so-called overnight success actually took 15 years. I remember when I didn't have any money, and my only car was mom's Hyundai.
Once a wise individual said, It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather we should thank God that such men lived.
Once a wise individual said, Like all young reporters - brilliant or hopelessly incompetent - I dreamed of the glamorous life of the foreign correspondent: prowling Vienna in a Burberry trench coat, speaking a dozen languages to dangerous women, narrowly escaping Sardinian bandits - the usual stuff that newspaper dreams are made of.
Once a wise individual said, If you reject the food, ignore the customs, fear the religion and avoid the people, you might better stay at home.
Once a wise individual said, It's a never ending battle of making your cars better and also trying to be better yourself.
Once a wise individual said, If suffering brings wisdom, I would wish to be less wise.
Once a wise individual said, Clouds and darkness surround us, yet Heaven is just, and the day of triumph will surely come, when justice and truth will be vindicated.
Once a wise individual said, In terms of the legal matter of creating a contract between two people that's called marriage, and allowing them to live together with the protection of law, it seems to me is the way we should be moving in this country.
Once a wise individual said, People identify with me - everyone does - African American women, Caucasian women, they all identify with me because I'm ethnic.
Once a wise individual said, Once again, we come to the Holiday Season, a deeply religious time that each of us observes, in his own way, by going to the mall of his choice.
Once a wise individual said, I try to just make music that I love, and if I believe in it that's all that matters.
Once a wise individual said, I'm cool with the way I look, I'm not an ugly dog, but I don't see myself as a stud or anything.
Once a wise individual said, The whole course of human history may depend on a change of heart in one solitary and even humble individual - for it is in the solitary mind and soul of the individual that the battle between good and evil is waged and ultimately won or lost.
Once a wise individual said, Unless you choose to do great things with it, it makes no difference how much you are rewarded, or how much power you have.
Once a wise individual said, My priority is to turn people - especially kids - on to sports and being active so they don't even have to think about it being good for their health. If people participate for the fun of it, and believe me - it is fun, then fitness programs will be much more successful.
Once a wise individual said, Crowds are the most difficult thing for me these days because I have to walk with my head down and my eyes averted. There's still that part of me that wants to hold my head up, make eye contact and smile.
Once a wise individual said, The closing of a door can bring blessed privacy and comfort - the opening, terror. Conversely, the closing of a door can be a sad and final thing - the opening a wonderfully joyous moment.
Once a wise individual said, Thank God I never got in a fight. All of the jock dudes hated me, but all of their girlfriends thought I was nice so they wouldn't touch me. It was infuriating to them.
Once a wise individual said, Faith never makes a confession.
Once a wise individual said, A marriage without conflicts is almost as inconceivable as a nation without crises.
Once a wise individual said, We all feel really blessed to have been with my dad for these 85 years.
Once a wise individual said, I'm turning into a stricter dad.
Once a wise individual said, Be what you are. This is the first step toward becoming better than you are.
Once a wise individual said, You know how old I am? I'm so old, I remember when Letterman used to be funny and it was presidents who were serious. That's how old I am.
Once a wise individual said, The best place to find God is in a garden. You can dig for him there.
Once a wise individual said, Mayors could never get away with the kind of nonsense that goes on in Washington. In our world, you either picked up the trash or you didn't. You either moved an abandoned car or you didn't. You either filled a pothole or you didn't. That's what we do every day. And we know how to get this stuff done.
Once a wise individual said, So China will be having to make some choices as to whose side it wants to be on. Hopefully, this will be the beginning of a major improvement in our relationship with them, if they choose correctly.
Once a wise individual said, I am not a morning person.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.
Once a wise individual said, Our marriage is between us. If we decide to continue being together or not, it's our business.
Once a wise individual said, After 14 years, it better be a real marriage, you know? We do have a great time together. We are really lucky.
Once a wise individual said, The technology backbone is no longer an afterthought.
Once a wise individual said, Everything you need for better future and success has already been written. And guess what? All you have to do is go to the library.
Once a wise individual said, It is vital that the United States maintains open lines of communication with our allies. We must assure them of our commitment to eradicating global terrorism wherever it may reside or wherever it's given haven.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not a kid. You don't get in this business for anonymity. It's not like I have posters of myself on the wall, but at the same time, I'm kind of ready for a little bit of it, but I worry for my little one, and my family - their privacy. That's what I'm more protective of.
Once a wise individual said, In Goddess religion death is not feared, but is understood to be a part of life, followed by birth and renewal.
Once a wise individual said, Historically, the family has played the primary role in educating children for life, with the school providing supplemental scaffolding to the family.
Once a wise individual said, I've never written a movie, I'm not in the movie business. I go out to L.A. and I'm like everyone else wandering around in a daze hoping I see movie stars. I write the novels that the movies are based on, and that feels like enough of a job for me.
Once a wise individual said, I believe that parents need to make nutrition education a priority in their home environment. It's crucial for good health and longevity to instill in your children sound eating habits from an early age.
Once a wise individual said, Where there is a will there is a lawsuit.
Once a wise individual said, The secret of success is to be ready when your opportunity comes.
Once a wise individual said, When grace is joined with wrinkles, it is adorable. There is an unspeakable dawn in happy old age.
Once a wise individual said, A molecular manufacturing technology will let us build molecular surgical tools, and those tools will, for the first time, let us directly address the problems at the very root level.
Once a wise individual said, Never go on trips with anyone you do not love.
Once a wise individual said, A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it.
Once a wise individual said, Broadway is such a diverse community. Everybody knows how I believe, and everyone believes, and it's not a big deal. But in Hollywood, if you talk about politics - especially if you're a Republican - or spirituality, it's just not something people want to hear about.
Once a wise individual said, Do dirt, get dirt. So I treat people with the same respect that I want.
Once a wise individual said, Non-profits must become deeply engaged in the ways that their donor communities are using social technology.
Once a wise individual said, It can make you sad to look at pictures from your youth. So there's a trick to it. The trick is not to look at the later pictures.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not really conservative. I'm conservative on certain things. I believe in less government. I believe in fiscal responsibility and all those things that maybe Republicans used to believe in but don't any more.
Once a wise individual said, I agree with just about everyone in the reform debate when they say 'If you like what you have, you should be able to keep it.' But the truth is that none of the health reform bills making their way through Congress actually delivers on that promise.
Once a wise individual said, Love, it has been said, flows downward. The love of parents for their children has always been far more powerful than that of children for their parents and who among the sons of men ever loved God with a thousandth part of the love which God has manifested to us?
Once a wise individual said, I don't watch reality TV. I'm cool.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a dad, and I no longer see a way for my kids to even inherit the money that I'm making, let alone go out there, have an idea, and create it in their own lifetime.
Once a wise individual said, I don't really believe in diets. I love food... If I deprive myself, I'm going to want it more. I snack on yogurt, raw cashews and cherry tomatoes.
Once a wise individual said, All faith consists essentially in the recognition of a world of spiritual values behind, yet not apart from, the world of natural phenomena.
Once a wise individual said, The thing you can't let go of is gravity. The reality of gravity in writing. If someone says something really mean in a sitcom, and the next wave isn't a reaction to the reality of that, you start losing relatability. In a lot of romantic comedies, they throw out the rules of life.
Once a wise individual said, Music I heard with you was more than music, and bread I broke with you was more than bread. Now that I am without you, all is desolate all that was once so beautiful is dead.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of the struggle I had with movies is I really loved moments and tones and feelings in a scene, and I loved creating those, but I never really had great stories to string them together.
Once a wise individual said, Every man who has shown the world the way to beauty, to true culture, has been a rebel, a 'universal' without patriotism, without home, who has found his people everywhere.
Once a wise individual said, I had never really dated. I've always been a relationship kind of person.
Once a wise individual said, When I travel, I love speaking to women around the world about the things that inspire them, the fashions they like, what makes something good and what would make it even better.
Once a wise individual said, But with Christ, we have access in a one-to-one relationship, for, as in the Old Testament, it was more one of worship and awe, a vertical relationship. The New Testament, on the other hand, we look across at a Jesus who looks familiar, horizontal. The combination is what makes the Cross.
Once a wise individual said, Much learning shows how little mortals know much wealth, how little wordings enjoy.
Once a wise individual said, To be honest, I haven't seen a lot of the current crop of teen movies because there's only so much time and there's nothing that really drives me to do it.
Once a wise individual said, For the first few years of my life my mom used to cut my hair so there were a lot of bowl-cut hair styles.
Once a wise individual said, It seems almost backwards to me that my music seems the more emotional outlet, and the art stuff seems more about ideas.
Once a wise individual said, When I was in high school, I don't know that I really had big dreams.
Once a wise individual said, How sweet it is!
Once a wise individual said, However, we still have the problem of free travel and movement, since the Travel Documents issued by UNMIK as the substitute to passports, are not fully recognized yet by all countries.
Once a wise individual said, The past is a source of knowledge, and the future is a source of hope. Love of the past implies faith in the future.
Once a wise individual said, Nothing can be more absurd than the practice that prevails in our country of men and women not following the same pursuits with all their strengths and with one mind, for thus, the state instead of being whole is reduced to half.
Once a wise individual said, People didn't wasn't the People's party to come in to power again, so they saw NS a viable alternative not us, because everyone knew we were not ready.
Once a wise individual said, The media seems to think only abortion and gay marriage are religious issues. Poverty is a moral issue, it's a faith issue, it's a religious issue.
Once a wise individual said, If we gave up eating beef we would have roughly 20 to 30 times more land for food than we have now.
Once a wise individual said, Peace is the umpire for doing the will of God.
Once a wise individual said, My first memory of the Rolling Stones is listening to 'Satisfaction' at a sixth-grade slumber party at a friend's house in Ankara, Turkey, where my family was living at the time. In the middle of our sleepover, my friend's dad stopped the record when he heard the words 'girlie action!'
Once a wise individual said, Love, we say, is life but love without hope and faith is agonizing death.
Once a wise individual said, People don't understand that it was maybe my biggest pleasure to drive an F1 car when it's wet.
Once a wise individual said, I have girls who are concerned about how they look compared to models or what have you. It's my responsibility to teach them that beauty is more than superficial.
Once a wise individual said, For me, my travels have been the chance to go to a place that already exists in my imagination.
Once a wise individual said, You're blessed if you have the strength to work.
Once a wise individual said, I'd love to do a modern-day musical that's full of original music. To get your contemporaries to sing and dance without looking foolish and for it to be transformational and magical and all those things a musical is supposed to be.
Once a wise individual said, Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
Once a wise individual said, Red Sox fans have been pushed to the brink over the years, but that's how faith grows stronger.
Once a wise individual said, As the leader of twelve apostles, even Jesus had more executive experience than Obama.
Once a wise individual said, In all the movies I'm in love with someone in my head. There's always love in a film somewhere. It doesn't matter even if it's an action movie.
Once a wise individual said, The best museums and museum exhibits about science or technology give you the feeling that, hey, this is interesting, but maybe I could do something here, too.
Once a wise individual said, By and large, language is a tool for concealing the truth.
Once a wise individual said, When the truth is that there would be no great Western music, and certainly no decent choral repertoire, without the Catholic faith.
Once a wise individual said, I don't walk around with fear. I walk around with strength. I believe in cause and effect.
Once a wise individual said, I love my mom and dad.
Once a wise individual said, I have a friend that is a WWII buff, and we sat and talked a lot about stuff like the war and the reasons behind it, and you now it's all in the uniform. Once you're in it, it usually does all the work for you.
Once a wise individual said, War is an ugly thing, but not the ugliest of things. The decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks that nothing is worth war is much worse.
Once a wise individual said, I had never walked on the street alone when I was growing up in Calcutta, up to age 20. I had never handled money. You know, there was always a couple of bodyguards behind me, who took care if I wanted... I needed pencils for school, I needed a notebook, they were the ones who were taking out the money. I was constantly guarded.
Once a wise individual said, People spend so much time in their cars, and it's a legal way to have fun by speeding a little bit or testing yourself a little bit, and you get to invest in your car. For some people, it becomes their baby.
Once a wise individual said, Their memory's like a train: you can see it getting smaller as it pulls away And the things you can't remember Tell the things you can't forget that History puts a saint in every dream.
Once a wise individual said, The opera is to music what a bawdy house is to a cathedral.
Once a wise individual said, Fear is not a lasting teacher of duty.
Once a wise individual said, 'Caught' is a novel of forgiveness, and the past and the present - who should be and who shouldn't be forgiven. None of my books are ever just about thrills, or it won't work.
Once a wise individual said, I was fantasising about my own death, I started thinking what my funeral would be like and what music would be played, I was at that level of insanity.
Once a wise individual said, Time is more value than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.
Once a wise individual said, Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
Once a wise individual said, To some extent, Seattle remains a frontier metropolis, a place where people can experiment with their lives, and change and grow and make things happen.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not really quiet or shy. Ask any of my friends! But I always ground my poetry in life itself. Poetry is an art of language, though, so I am always aware of every word's meaning, or multiple meanings.
Once a wise individual said, I really haven't had that exciting of a life. There are a lot of things I wish I would have done, instead of just sitting around and complaining about having a boring life. So I pretty much like to make it up. I'd rather tell a story about somebody else.
Once a wise individual said, Experienced happiness refers to your feelings, to how happy you are as you live your life. In contrast, the satisfaction of the remembering self refers to your feelings when you think about your life.
Once a wise individual said, My dad used to say, 'You have to become part of the machine to beat the machine,' and there's some validity in it. But honestly, even when I'm inside the machine, you still see me. I stick out a little bit.
Once a wise individual said, Contrary to popular opinion, the hustle is not a new dance step - it is an old business procedure.
Once a wise individual said, I grew up loving Walter Payton. My dad used to always show us film of him.
Once a wise individual said, In Rio Bravo when Duke makes love to Feathers, the scene dissolves to the next morning where we see him putting on his vest and almost humming. It was subtle, but you knew what happened. Give me a towel and some blankets any day!
Once a wise individual said, The general interest of the masses might take the place of the insight of genius if it were allowed freedom of action.
Once a wise individual said, People in the business will stay with you through drugs and alcohol and divorces and insanity and everything else, but you have a failure, pal, and they don't want to know nothing about you!
Once a wise individual said, The instant formal government is abolished, society begins to act. A general association takes place, and common interest produces common security.
Once a wise individual said, The reality is that what you find out is that your head is the medicine. If your head is not in the right place and you don't think positively, all the medicine technology in the world is not going to work.
Once a wise individual said, The truth is in California you can't build a new manufacturing facility, and businesses are leaving in droves because of bad government policy.
Once a wise individual said, I don't have to have faith, I have experience.
Once a wise individual said, Arbitrary power is like most other things which are very hard, very liable to be broken.
Once a wise individual said, Football, basketball, and the Olympic sports all have their problems with banned substances.
Once a wise individual said, My hope and prayer is that the body of Christ in America will awake with holy boldness, a boldness content neither with silence nor mere words but that backs up those words with action and results.
Once a wise individual said, Do not have evil-doers for friends, do not have low people for friends: have virtuous people for friends, have for friends the best of men.
Once a wise individual said, What is genius but the power of expressing a new individuality?
Once a wise individual said, We are losing sight of civility in government and politics. Debate and dialogue is taking a back seat to the politics of destruction and anger and control. Dogma has replaced thoughtful discussion between people of differing views.
Once a wise individual said, I'm bad on Valentine's Day, but even worse on Christmas. I go shopping at nine o'clock on December 24th every year. Nobody else is there. I'm in Toys'R'Us all by myself. I get there five minutes before closing.
Once a wise individual said, Dying before dying has two important consequences: It liberates the individual from the fear of death and influences the actual experience of dying at the time of biological demise.
Once a wise individual said, You know the best thing about competition? There's this whole strategy game, and when it all works out its like solving that hard math equation. You finally get the answer and you're so happy.
Once a wise individual said, An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than a wild beast a wild beast may wound your body, but an evil friend will wound your mind.
Once a wise individual said, Like all Israelis, I yearn for peace. I see the utmost importance in taking all possible steps that will lead to a solution of the conflict with the Palestinians.
Once a wise individual said, People can't just listen to the music and have their own imagination and take them where they wanna go.
Once a wise individual said, The experience gathered from books, though often valuable, is but the nature of learning whereas the experience gained from actual life is one of the nature of wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning.
Once a wise individual said, It's hard for us in our stores to be a leader in technology.
Once a wise individual said, In those days, the late 1970s, one of the leading politicians was a soon-to-be uncle by marriage of Arnold Schwarzenegger, named Ted Kennedy.
Once a wise individual said, Man, as long as he lives, is immortal. One minute before his death he shall be immortal. But one minute later, God wins.
Once a wise individual said, You can't stop technology or science, and it is snowballing quicker than ever. Something's got to come to a head. How? Who knows? But it will.
Once a wise individual said, You can heal your body with food.
Once a wise individual said, Californians invented the concept of life-style. This alone warrants their doom.
Once a wise individual said, The want of money is the root of all evil.
Once a wise individual said, I was like a boy playing on the sea-shore, and diverting myself now and then finding a smoother pebble or a prettier shell than ordinary, whilst the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me.
Once a wise individual said, Animals are sentient, intelligent, perceptive, funny and entertaining. We owe them a duty of care as we do to children.
Once a wise individual said, When superstition is allowed to perform the task of old age in dulling the human temperament, we can say goodbye to all excellence in poetry, in painting, and in music.
Once a wise individual said, If a tie is like kissing your sister, losing is like kissing you grandmother with her teeth out.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a teenager, but I'm independent - I have my own apartment, I have my own life. And I think I have learned more than any of those teenagers have in school. I learned to be responsible, leaving my family and coming here alone.
Once a wise individual said, That is why the analogy of stealing does not work. With a thief, we want to know how much money he stole, and from whom. With the artist it is not how much he took and from whom, but what he did with it.
Once a wise individual said, 137 years later, Memorial Day remains one of America's most cherished patriotic observances. The spirit of this day has not changed - it remains a day to honor those who died defending our freedom and democracy.
Once a wise individual said, The folly of mistaking a paradox for a discovery, a metaphor for a proof, a torrent of verbiage for a spring of capital truths, and oneself for an oracle, is inborn in us.
Once a wise individual said, My mom was onstage when she was pregnant with me.
Once a wise individual said, Taxpayers deserve a government that harnesses technology to better serve the people.
Once a wise individual said, A true king is neither husband nor father he considers his throne and nothing else.
Once a wise individual said, To some it may be a thrill to be known, to me it's a thrill to start a friendship even up.
Once a wise individual said, All women are misfits. We do not fit into this world without amputations.
Once a wise individual said, I remember driving to North Carolina when I was a little girl in a snowstorm to get down to my mom's family in the Carolinas. There were chains on the car - it was the late sixties - and we were just singing in the car. Christmas carols.
Once a wise individual said, If I had been elected president in 1948, history would be vastly different. I believe we would have stemmed the growth of Big Government, which had begun with the New Deal and culminated with the Great Society.
Once a wise individual said, I've been around some very famous people, but no one has the effect Maradona has people tremble in his presence.
Once a wise individual said, The groundwork of all happiness is health.
Once a wise individual said, Music is God's gift to man, the only art of Heaven given to earth, the only art of earth we take to Heaven.
Once a wise individual said, I have terrible handwriting. I now say it's a learning disability... but a nun who was a very troubled woman hit me over the fingers with a ruler because my writing was so bad.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a heroine addict. I need to have sex with women who have saved someone's life.
Once a wise individual said, I love costumes. I love getting dressed up because it really helps my imagination make the leap to believe that I am who I say I am.
Once a wise individual said, My son had his eighth birthday recently and we had a chance to borrow the film and show it to all of his friends that was at his birthday party and they loved it. I was a little nervous. I said they might not even like it, and say his daddy's movie is wack, but they loved it.
Once a wise individual said, Whatever hysteria exists is inflamed by mystery, suspicion and secrecy. Hard and exact facts will cool it.
Once a wise individual said, When we are unwilling to draw clear moral lines between free societies and fear societies, when we are unwilling to call the former good and the latter evil, we will not be able to advance the cause of peace because peace cannot be disconnected from freedom.
Once a wise individual said, No One Is Alone by Stephen Sondheim is all about thinking for yourself and being your own person.
Once a wise individual said, TV is sort of the only way to go for an actress my age to make a decent salary with independent films, you just can't.
Once a wise individual said, I know that throughout their history, the people of the United States defended their freedom, their liberty, their justice, and their rights - if need be - with their lives. I think their courage is so admirable.
Once a wise individual said, Never was anything great achieved without danger.
Once a wise individual said, If the reporter has killed our imagination with his truth, he threatens our life with his lies.
Once a wise individual said, A strange thing is memory, and hope one looks backward, and the other forward one is of today, the other of tomorrow. Memory is history recorded in our brain, memory is a painter, it paints pictures of the past and of the day.
Once a wise individual said, Is it not by love alone that we succeed in penetrating to the very essence of being?
Once a wise individual said, An artist must be a reactionary. He has to stand out against the tenor of the age and not go flopping along.
Once a wise individual said, My mother and stepfather were married 43 years, so I have watched a long marriage. I feel like I had a very good role model for that. And, you know, it's just a number.
Once a wise individual said, There is none made so great, but he may both need the help and service, and stand in fear of the power and unkindness, even of the meanest of mortals.
Once a wise individual said, It was an amazing adventure, it was my dream to be in an American musical... I really hope you are going to love what you are going to see.
Once a wise individual said, In France, cooking is a serious art form and a national sport.
Once a wise individual said, A manager is responsible for the application and performance of knowledge.
Once a wise individual said, Basically, there are two paths you can walk: faith or fear. It's impossible to simultaneously trust God and not trust God.
Once a wise individual said, The three great elements of modern civilization, Gun powder, Printing, and the Protestant religion.
Once a wise individual said, Without feelings of respect, what is there to distinguish men from beasts?
Once a wise individual said, Skeptical scrutiny is the means, in both science and religion, by which deep thoughts can be winnowed from deep nonsense.
Once a wise individual said, To understand me, you have to meet me and be around me. And then only if I'm in a good mood - don't meet me in a bad mood.
Once a wise individual said, I would like to be remembered as a man who had a wonderful time living life, a man who had good friends, fine family - and I don't think I could ask for anything more than that, actually.
Once a wise individual said, The art of life is to know how to enjoy a little and to endure very much.
Once a wise individual said, I have a wonderful respect for old people.
Once a wise individual said, To sin by silence when they should protest makes cowards of men.
Once a wise individual said, I have a fantasy where Ted Turner is elected President but refuses because he doesn't want to give up power.
Once a wise individual said, I got up one Christmas morning and we didn't have nothing to eat. We didn't have an apple, we didn't have an orange, we didn't have a cake, we didn't have nothing.
Once a wise individual said, I'll let you in on a secret: I can't stand Jay Ward. I hate being compared to Rocky and Bullwinkle. It's just a different style of humor.
Once a wise individual said, Mine is the first generation able to contemplate the possibility that we may live our entire lives without going to war or sending our children to war.
Once a wise individual said, It is an open question whether any behavior based on fear of eternal punishment can be regarded as ethical or should be regarded as merely cowardly.
Once a wise individual said, The great thing about baseball is the causality is easy to determine and it always falls on the shoulders of one person. So there is absolute responsibility. That's why baseball is psychologically the cruelest sport and why it really requires psychological resources to play baseball - because you have to learn to live with failure.
Once a wise individual said, Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Once a wise individual said, Ten percent of the big fish still remain. There are still some blue whales. There are still some krill in Antarctica. There are a few oysters in Chesapeake Bay. Half the coral reefs are still in pretty good shape, a jeweled belt around the middle of the planet. There's still time, but not a lot, to turn things around.
Once a wise individual said, Whenever I get fed up with life I love to go wandering in nature.
Once a wise individual said, I think when the full horror of being fifty hits you, you should stay home and have a good cry.
Once a wise individual said, If my daughter wants to get into this business, I would support that decision. She's going to have a hard time not being in it. She loves food and she's around it all the time.
Once a wise individual said, Over my lifetime, the car had actually transcended the fact that it is a car. It has become a venue.
Once a wise individual said, There are lots of people out there who think they know the truth about God and religion, but does anybody really know for sure? That's why the founding fathers built freedom of religious belief into the structure of this nation, so that everybody could make up their minds for themselves.
Once a wise individual said, I'd love to be a dad. I hope I'd be great at it. That's every man's fear, yet his most important job.
Once a wise individual said, My 'fear' is my substance, and probably the best part of me.
Once a wise individual said, I believe in a religion that believes in freedom. Any time I have to accept a religion that won't let me fight a battle for my people, I say to hell with that religion.
Once a wise individual said, I'm opinionated. I always stick to my design plan. I don't waver.
Once a wise individual said, I love being a dad, it keeps me fit and inspired and children are so funny. They always supply you with acting material!
Once a wise individual said, Marriage, for a woman at least, hampers the two things that made life to me glorious - friendship and learning.
Once a wise individual said, My objection to Liberalism is this that it is the introduction into the practical business of life of the highest kind namely, politics of philosophical ideas instead of political principles.
Once a wise individual said, At ten I was playing against 18-year-old guys. At 15 I was playing professional ball with the Birmingham Black Barons, so I really came very quickly in all sports.
Once a wise individual said, Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.
Once a wise individual said, Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.
Once a wise individual said, We shall not cease from exploration, and the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time.
Once a wise individual said, The best people renounce all for one goal, the eternal fame of mortals but most people stuff themselves like cattle.
Once a wise individual said, I wanted to escape so badly. But of course I knew I couldn't just give up and leave school. It was only when I heard my mom's voice that I came out of my hiding place.
Once a wise individual said, Experiences are savings which a miser puts aside. Wisdom is an inheritance which a wastrel cannot exhaust.
Once a wise individual said, Mama and Daddy King represent the best in manhood and womanhood, the best in a marriage, the kind of people we are trying to become.
Once a wise individual said, I had no romantic interest in Gable. I considered him an older man.
Once a wise individual said, That's the definition of 'success' for the modern Democrat Party. As many people dependent on government as possible is the objective.
Once a wise individual said, Loads of chemicals and hazardous wastes have been introduced into the atmosphere that didn't even exist in 1948. The environmental condition of the planet is far worse than it was 42 years ago.
Once a wise individual said, Use gentle means before you come to extremity, and whatever lesson you work him, and never take above half his strength, nor ride him till he is weary, but a little at a time and often.
Once a wise individual said, We must make it an imperative duty of our government to protect the gifts which Nature has bestowed on America and to insure the maintenance of a clean, healthy, wholesome environment for our people.
Once a wise individual said, To bare our souls is all we ask, to give all we have to life and the beings surrounding us. Here the nature spirits are intense and we appreciate them, make offerings to them - these nature spirits who call us here - sealing our fate with each other, celebrating our love.
Once a wise individual said, A gun can be dangerous. But a gun can protect you, you can hunt for food with it - you know, the tool itself is a tool. The intention of the party using the tool is a part of the process, right? You know: the knife cuts the steak, stabs the person, saves somebody from danger, cuts somebody out of a car.
Once a wise individual said, You want to keep intelligence separate from policy.
Once a wise individual said, It's simple: You get a part. You play a part. You play it well. You do your work and you go home. And what is wonderful about movies is that once they're done, they belong to the people. Once you make it, it's what they see. That's where my head is at.
Once a wise individual said, You can't give up something you really believe in for financial reasons. If you die by the roadside - so be it. But at least you know you've tried. Ten minutes in the music scene was the equal of one hundred years outside of it.
Once a wise individual said, Science fiction is trying to find alternative ways of looking at realities.
Once a wise individual said, Well, I just said that Jesus and I were both Jewish and that neither of us ever had a job, we never had a home, we never married and we traveled around the countryside irritating people.
Once a wise individual said, From the simple stringing together of lemon garlands for the goddess Durga, to dividing the prasadam or blessed foods for the children first, I came to associate food not only with feminity, but also with purity and divinity.
Once a wise individual said, The technology that threatens to kill off books as we know them - the 'physical book,' a new phrase in our language - is also making the physical book capable of being more beautiful than books have been since the middle ages.
Once a wise individual said, The depressing thing about tennis is that no matter how good I get, I'll never be as good as a wall.
Once a wise individual said, My husband and I are either going to buy a dog or have a child. We can't decide whether to ruin our carpet or ruin our lives.
Once a wise individual said, Sixth grade was a big time, in my childhood, of hoops and friendship, and coming up with funny things.
Once a wise individual said, Mine is the least fat diet in the world.
Once a wise individual said, Anything in any way beautiful derives its beauty from itself and asks nothing beyond itself. Praise is no part of it, for nothing is made worse or better by praise.
Once a wise individual said, To good and true love fear is forever affixed.
Once a wise individual said, To think the world therefore a general Bedlam, or place of madmen, and oneself a physician, is the most necessary point of present wisdom: an important imagination, and the way to happiness.
Once a wise individual said, That feeds anger, and I mean when we went and at last thank heavens got towards peace in Northern Ireland we went for justice within Northern Ireland as well as using security well, as well as a political settlement, but surely that is the lesson.
Once a wise individual said, Few things are more important to each individual's future success or to our nation's prosperity than education.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think that you can fake warmth. You can fake lust, jealousy, anger those are all quite easy. But actual, genuine warmth? I don't think you can fake it.
Once a wise individual said, We're adults. We're the ones who should teach the kids what's good to eat. I don't think the government should ever regulate what we eat at home, but we're feeding them in school with tax dollars. Quite frankly, if my tax dollars are being spent to feed kids, I'd rather feed them better food.
Once a wise individual said, I love being on stage if I'm not on a set. If I'm at home, I'm usually in my office editing or reconstructing my website or whatever it may be. I just love putting creativity into a performance, so if the right script comes along, and I certainly am reading comedies and dramas now, then I'm ready willing and able to give it a shot.
Once a wise individual said, Religion is for people who are scared to go to hell. Spirituality is for people who have already been there.
Once a wise individual said, Facts which at first seem improbable will, even on scant explanation, drop the cloak which has hidden them and stand forth in naked and simple beauty.
Once a wise individual said, In the deregulated realm of US banking and finance, crime does occasionally pay for its foul deeds, not in prison time but by making modest rebates to the victims.
Once a wise individual said, The truth is that we can learn to condition our minds, bodies, and emotions to link pain or pleasure to whatever we choose. By changing what we link pain and pleasure to, we will instantly change our behaviors.
Once a wise individual said, The purpose of all war is peace.
Once a wise individual said, Social topics may hit too close to home for people, but then again, if you pull a heartstring, then that's what country music is. It's not just songs about getting drunk and leaving your girl.
Once a wise individual said, We won a contest at the teen fair in Vancouver and the first prize was a recording contract and we recorded at a radio station on the stairway, and we did a record and it got put out.
Once a wise individual said, You teach best what you most need to learn.
Once a wise individual said, Our strength in finance has led us to set up an international financial centre with medium and long-term objectives, especially to develop Islamic financial and insurance services.
Once a wise individual said, What has made America amazing has been the fact that throughout our history, throughout the more than 200 years of our history, there have been men and women of courage who stood up and decided it was more important to look out for the future of their children and their grandchildren than their own political futures.
Once a wise individual said, I never read the life of any important person without discovering that he knew more and could do more than I could ever hope to know or do in half a dozen lifetimes.
Once a wise individual said, I think sometimes my humor is extremely dry, and a lot of times I would say things that I thought were very funny but... I have a reputation of - people think of me as a very fundamentalist, humorless fellow.
Once a wise individual said, Anger and jealousy can no more bear to lose sight of their objects than love.
Once a wise individual said, The hardest thing about being in this business is just being able to be yourself. People act like there's this one set of rules to follow to be a pop star and I think, 'Well, you say I'm a pop star, so maybe that's not true.'
Once a wise individual said, Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says 'I need you because I love you.'
Once a wise individual said, But I think it's more that when you're young, you're invincible, you're immortal - or at least you think you are. The possibilities are limitless, you're inventing the future. Then you get older and suddenly you have a history. It's fixed. You can't change anything. I find that a bit disturbing, to be honest.
Once a wise individual said, There is one day that is ours. Thanksgiving Day is the one day that is purely American.
Once a wise individual said, But if there's an erosion at home, you know, Thomas Jefferson warned about a tyranny of an oligarchy and if we surrender our democracy to the tyranny of an oligarchy, we've made a terrible mistake.
Once a wise individual said, I don't go to the cool, trendy restaurants. I go to either the holes in the wall or the super-fancy restaurants where there are no cool people.
Once a wise individual said, You can get too bogged down in technology and you can sort of forget what it is you were trying to do. And with the Pet Shop Boys it's primarily about the songs, it's about song writing.
Once a wise individual said, What I do deny is that you can build any enduring society without some such mystical ethos.
Once a wise individual said, Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for.
Once a wise individual said, No matter how vital experience might be while you lived it, no sooner was it ended and dead than it became as lifeless as the piles of dry dust in a school history book.
Once a wise individual said, It's amazing what a spray-on tan will do.
Once a wise individual said, Great tragedy has come to us, and we are meeting it with the best that is in our country, with courage and concern for others because this is America. This is who we are.
Once a wise individual said, I grew up in this town, my poetry was born between the hill and the river, it took its voice from the rain, and like the timber, it steeped itself in the forests.
Once a wise individual said, I mean you might say he had a travelling post office, but also Barney was very, very active. He was a legal officer for the NAACP and they had a lot of problems after Pease.
Once a wise individual said, Experience taught me a few things. One is to listen to your gut, no matter how good something sounds on paper. The second is that you're generally better off sticking with what you know. And the third is that sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
Once a wise individual said, Early on the next morning we reached Kansas, about five hundred miles from the mouth of the Missouri.
Once a wise individual said, Without culture, and the relative freedom it implies, society, even when perfect, is but a jungle. This is why any authentic creation is a gift to the future.
Once a wise individual said, He was one of those men who possess almost every gift, except the gift of the power to use them.
Once a wise individual said, Parents lend children their experience and a vicarious memory children endow their parents with a vicarious immortality.
Once a wise individual said, The good man is he who rules himself as he does his own property: his autonomous being is modelled on material power.
Once a wise individual said, A great secret of success is to go through life as a man who never gets used up.
Once a wise individual said, Democrats think the country works better with a strong middle class, real opportunities for poor people to work their way into it and a relentless focus on the future, with business and government working together to promote growth and broadly shared prosperity. We think 'we're all in this together' is a better philosophy than 'you're on your own.'
Once a wise individual said, The American consumer is also the American worker, and if we don't do something to protect our manufacturing base here at home, it is going to be hard to buy any retail goods.
Once a wise individual said, To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan you should wear it inside, where it functions best.
Once a wise individual said, A great city is that which has the greatest men and women.
Once a wise individual said, I love the live performances and Las Vegas. I also like making films that are being discovered by another generation. Having been a teen idol of the '60s is great because you realize you left your generation with a smile and good memories.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is the record of the best and happiest moments of the happiest and best minds.
Once a wise individual said, My philosophy is to take one day at a time. I don't worry about the future. Tomorrow is even out of sight for me.
Once a wise individual said, There is just no comparison between having a dinner date with a man and staying home playing canasta with the girls.
Once a wise individual said, And it was a very, very fruitful and great relationship between the Stones and The Beatles. It was very, very friendly.
Once a wise individual said, I said on the equality side of it, that it is essential to a woman's equality with man that she be the decision-maker, that her choice be controlling.
Once a wise individual said, He has not lived badly whose birth and death has been unnoticed by the world.
Once a wise individual said, Yes, Americans can still get credit for cars and trucks and refrigerators, and those businesses are doing well. But just try to get a home loan now.
Once a wise individual said, A serious and good philosophical work could be written consisting entirely of jokes.
Once a wise individual said, As a kid, I always loved serialized books. It's the reason why people love 'Harry Potter.' Serialization is amazing. It works in television. It works in film and it works in books. Especially when you're a young kid, you get attached to these characters.
Once a wise individual said, We are at a crossroads in the music business: with the rise of the internet, the world we live in has changed, and the past is not coming back. But I see the glass as half-full: the internet and social networking are new avenues for the next Bob Dylan to be born on.
Once a wise individual said, Man is the most intelligent of the animals - and the most silly.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a car fanatic and each morning I wake up with a smile on my face, whether I'm commentating on the Formula One or at Silver Hatch racetrack in Roary the Racing Car.
Once a wise individual said, It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous.
Once a wise individual said, There are certain things I learned when I first started learning about acting, to try and place the character physically and emotionally. And the way you place them emotionally is often with humor.
Once a wise individual said, It's like learning a language you can't speak a language fluently until you find out who you are in that language, and that has as much to do with your body as it does with vocabulary and grammar.
Once a wise individual said, A great city, whose image dwells in the memory of man, is the type of some great idea. Rome represents conquest Faith hovers over the towers of Jerusalem and Athens embodies the pre-eminent quality of the antique world, Art.
Once a wise individual said, My biggest blast-off hit was 'You Raise Me Up.' If you ever have a wedding or a funeral, it's a good pick.
Once a wise individual said, There would seem to be a limit, even for an art preoccupied with boundaries and transgressions, beyond which a work reaches its breaking point and becomes an actual failure, a mere experimentation.
Once a wise individual said, I compare it to being in a car accident. There's so much adrenaline rushing through you that you remember being in the accident but you don't remember any of the details.
Once a wise individual said, Democracy is the form of government that gives every man the right to be his own oppressor.
Once a wise individual said, Success is where preparation and opportunity meet.
Once a wise individual said, Being No. 1. It's talked about all of the time in hip-hop. 'I'm still No. 1! I'm the best! I'm the greatest of all time!' It's the same mentality in sports.
Once a wise individual said, Some theists in evolutionary science acquiesce to these tacit rules and retain a personal faith while accepting a thoroughly naturalistic picture of physical reality.
Once a wise individual said, Normal people don't just wake up in the morning and say I think it'd be a good idea to run for president of the United States.
Once a wise individual said, I have always that there ought to be some kind of mandatory national service, not necessarily in the military but to show everybody that freedom isn't free, that everybody has an obligation to the nation as a community.
Once a wise individual said, I thin many people's deviant behavior starts with dreams because dreams are so non-linear... as if there's an assumption that everything has to be linear or has to be plotted.
Once a wise individual said, I was quite a shy child. I would get terribly nervous and throw up before my birthday party. And then I would be fine. I feel the same now. I get nervous, then it's fine.
Once a wise individual said, Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.
Once a wise individual said, Success is not assured, but America is resolute: this is the best chance for peace we are likely to see for some years to come - and we are acting to help Israelis and Palestinians seize this chance.
Once a wise individual said, I think it pisses God off if you walk by the color purple in a field somewhere and don't notice it.
Once a wise individual said, Even if I tried to be my dad, it would be a mediocre, slightly embarrassing version.
Once a wise individual said, I always say, 'People first, then money, then things.'
Once a wise individual said, As society advances the standard of poverty rises.
Once a wise individual said, The time has come to tell the truth about the corruption of the government employee unions in this country.
Once a wise individual said, What you have now is a Hollywood that is pure poison. Hollywood was a central place in the history of art in the 20th century: it was human idealism preserved. And then, like any great place, it collapsed, and it collapsed into the most awful machinery in the world.
Once a wise individual said, All the reasonings of men are not worth one sentiment of women.
Once a wise individual said, Nature has always had more force than education.
Once a wise individual said, No mind is thoroughly well organized that is deficient in a sense of humor.
Once a wise individual said, There is a saying in Baltimore that crabs may be prepared in fifty ways and that all of them are good.
Once a wise individual said, Even though I was theatrically trained, learning to develop a character was an awesome experience.
Once a wise individual said, I'm so sick of hearing how there's no strong roles for women. I don't care about strong roles. I just want to see women who are characters! A nun, a serial killer, a housewife, as long as there's some depth there.
Once a wise individual said, I developed that for a long time. I also developed 'Sugar Sweet Science' at New Line and that didn't happen. That was a boxing movie. And between all that there were a couple of other things.
Once a wise individual said, Interior design is a business of trust.
Once a wise individual said, You can ask me pretty much anything. There'll be things I'll go, 'That feels a little too personal.' But most things I don't have a fear of being asked about.
Once a wise individual said, From the time I was a kid, I always knew something was going to happen to me. Didn't know exactly what.
Once a wise individual said, The events of the day inspired me to become a lawyer.
Once a wise individual said, Our poverty will be brought home to us to its full extent only after the war.
Once a wise individual said, In software systems it is often the early bird that makes the worm.
Once a wise individual said, All happiness or unhappiness solely depends upon the quality of the object to which we are attached by love.
Once a wise individual said, It is the mission of the next Conservative Government to build the Responsible Society.
Once a wise individual said, The government must pursue a course of complete neutrality toward religion.
Once a wise individual said, If bringing up the next generation is important, why aren't they the best qualified, the best paid? Why aren't we as concerned about their career progression as we are about those who work in the education or health services?
Once a wise individual said, Men and women are not born inconstant: they are made so by their early amorous experiences.
Once a wise individual said, I wouldn't attach too much importance to these student riots. I remember when I was a student at the Sorbonne in Paris, I used to go out and riot occasionally.
Once a wise individual said, People come to see beauty, and I dance to give it to them.
Once a wise individual said, I looked at some of the statues of Jesus they were just stones with no life. When they said that God is three, I was puzzled even more but could not argue. I believed it, simply because I had to have respect for the faith of my parents.
Once a wise individual said, Natural beauty takes at least two hours in front of a mirror.
Once a wise individual said, When one has not had a good father, one must create one.
Once a wise individual said, It is true that the aristocracies seem to have abused their monopoly of legal knowledge and at all events their exclusive possession of the law was a formidable impediment to the success of those popular movements which began to be universal in the western world.
Once a wise individual said, Pessimism is only the name that men of weak nerves give to wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, You build on failure. You use it as a stepping stone. Close the door on the past. You don't try to forget the mistakes, but you don't dwell on it. You don't let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space.
Once a wise individual said, After Nixon resigned in 1974, he engaged in a very aggressive war with history, attempting to wipe out the Watergate stain and memory. Happily, history won, largely because of Nixon's tapes.
Once a wise individual said, I must not write a word to you about politics, because you are a woman.
Once a wise individual said, The art of love is largely the art of persistence.
Once a wise individual said, The only place I've felt was really my home is my cabin up north. There's something in the water there that connects me to that place. There's also this sense of isolation and loneliness about it that I've never been able to shake.
Once a wise individual said, I thought I was attractive when I shot 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding.' Studio executives and movie reviewers let me know I had a confidence in my looks that was not shared by them.
Once a wise individual said, One might think that the money value of an invention constitutes its reward to the man who loves his work. But... I continue to find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success.
Once a wise individual said, I kept a steel wall around my moral and sexual instincts - protecting them, I thought, from the threats of the real world. This gave me a tremendous advantage in politics, if not in my soul. The true me, my spiritual core, slipped further and further from reach.
Once a wise individual said, There is no prejudice that the work of art does not finally overcome.
Once a wise individual said, For me, writing is a love-hate relationship.
Once a wise individual said, I went to an amazing school in Brooklyn called St. Anne's that's a really kind of creative hot bed.
Once a wise individual said, The subject matter of the stories on the surface... there seem to be a number of stories about travel.
Once a wise individual said, In the final analysis, the questions of why bad things happen to good people transmutes itself into some very different questions, no longer asking why something happened, but asking how we will respond, what we intend to do now that it happened.
Once a wise individual said, Putting is like wisdom - partly a natural gift and partly the accumulation of experience.
Once a wise individual said, I'd have stopped writing years ago if it were for the money.
Once a wise individual said, For centuries the death penalty, often accompanied by barbarous refinements, has been trying to hold crime in check yet crime persists. Why? Because the instincts that are warring in man are not, as the law claims, constant forces in a state of equilibrium.
Once a wise individual said, It was a time when only the dead smiled, happy in their peace.
Once a wise individual said, The kids out there want something they can relate to, something that's real most of that whiny stuff isn't real. The cheesy pop songs just bore me to death.
Once a wise individual said, I have followed holiness, I have taught truth, and I have been most in the main things not that I thought the things concerning our times little, but that I thought none could do anything to purpose in God's great and public matters, till they were right in their conditions.
Once a wise individual said, What is life? A madness. What is life? An illusion, a shadow, a story. And the greatest good is little enough for all life is a dream, and dreams themselves are only dreams.
Once a wise individual said, My restaurants are never opened on Thanksgiving I want my staff to spend time with their family if they can. My feeling is, if I can't figure out how to make money the rest of the year so that my workers can enjoy the holidays, then I don't deserve to be an owner.
Once a wise individual said, Left-wing politicians take away your liberty in the name of children and of fighting poverty, while right-wing politicians do it in the name of family values and fighting drugs. Either way, government gets bigger and you become less free.
Once a wise individual said, I know of no more disagreeable situation than to be left feeling generally angry without anybody in particular to be angry at.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think that people should wear dresses two sizes too small. I just think that sexiness is better left to the imagination. It's just more tasteful.
Once a wise individual said, Suspense is very important. Even though this is humor and they're short stories, that theory of building suspense is still there.
Once a wise individual said, Fear of the future is worse than one's present fortune.
Once a wise individual said, My expertise was in public finance, particularly corporate taxation, since I had worked at the US Treasury.
Once a wise individual said, There are lots of people I admire and respect, but I don't necessarily want to be like them. I'm to happy being myself.
Once a wise individual said, Now a soft kiss - Aye, by that kiss, I vow an endless bliss.
Once a wise individual said, If you see a black family, it's looting, but if it's a white family they are looking for food.
Once a wise individual said, I feel like in America, we don't have a kid problem. You think about all these issues that these kids are dealing with, we have an adult problem. We have adults that do not place the priority on our kids to get a valuable education.
Once a wise individual said, I played Winnie Cooper on 'The Wonder Years' from ages 12-18, and did a few other movies during some of the summers.
Once a wise individual said, The problem with being sure that God is on your side is that you can't change your mind, because God sure isn't going to change His.
Once a wise individual said, In Mississippi, you don't admit that you're gay. It's just an awkward thing down South, which is sad.
Once a wise individual said, One man's folly is another man's wife.
Once a wise individual said, Being a teen can be tough. Just try to surround yourself with really good friends that really have your back, and also be a really good friend to those who really care about you. If you're not sure about certain things, talk to your friends that you trust and your family.
Once a wise individual said, Religion is the sole technique for the validating of values.
Once a wise individual said, A library implies an act of faith.
Once a wise individual said, Two qualities are indispensable: first, an intellect that, even in the darkest hour, retains some glimmerings of the inner light which leads to truth and second, the courage to follow this faint light wherever it may lead.
Once a wise individual said, The journey for women, no matter what venue it is - politics, business, film - it's, it's a long journey.
Once a wise individual said, Effective use of Braille is as important to the blind as independent mobility, knowledge in the use of adaptive technology, and the core belief that equality, opportunity and security are truly possible for all people who are blind.
Once a wise individual said, Art is the beautiful way of doing things. Science is the effective way of doing things. Business is the economic way of doing things.
Once a wise individual said, For his heart was in his work, and the heart giveth grace unto every art.
Once a wise individual said, I associate going to an airport with work because I travel so much with my job. So when I have a few days free from work, I tend to stay at home.
Once a wise individual said, A man must live like a great brilliant flame and burn as brightly as he can. In the end he burns out. But this is far better than a mean little flame.
Once a wise individual said, Any good music must be an innovation.
Once a wise individual said, It's always sad if anybody you know has a personal problem.
Once a wise individual said, By playing games you can artificially speed up your learning curve to develop the right kind of thought processes.
Once a wise individual said, Lord, where we are wrong, make us willing to change where we are right, make us easy to live with.
Once a wise individual said, Middle-aged women have greater stability, they are more loyal, and their capacity for steady work is greater than that of younger women.
Once a wise individual said, It's a question of keeping one's eyes and ears open and watching how other people play the game. They're watching me too, to see what my attitude is like.
Once a wise individual said, Every day is a new day, and you'll never be able to find happiness if you don't move on.
Once a wise individual said, In the 'Garnethill' trilogy, people always forget that Maureen O'Donnell's dad was a journalist and she did art history at uni and her brother did law, but no-one ever thinks they're middle-class - they're just working class because they speak with accents.
Once a wise individual said, What reader wants to be told what attitude to strike?
Once a wise individual said, Men get to be a mixture of the charming mannerisms of the women they have known.
Once a wise individual said, This Nation has realized significant environmental improvements over the last three decades.
Once a wise individual said, I don't ever really feel that wearing my wedding ring is what determines me being married or not.
Once a wise individual said, In the true sense one's native land, with its background of tradition, early impressions, reminiscences and other things dear to one, is not enough to make sensitive human beings feel at home.
Once a wise individual said, Suppressed grief suffocates, it rages within the breast, and is forced to multiply its strength.
Once a wise individual said, Indeed, wretched the man whose fame makes his misfortunes famous.
Once a wise individual said, I was a 'Duck Hunt' and 'Mario' guy, and stuff like that. I was never technologically driven. I never had all the cool, new toys. I was the youngest child, I wasn't the only child, so I wasn't spoiled as a kid. And, we were on the farm, so we didn't have a lot. Also, with computers, I'm not very good with them. I just check my email.
Once a wise individual said, I just kind of wake up with a new idea and new dreams every day, and I follow that dream, as they say.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think immortality is necessarily the key to understanding the world. You have to be careful with what you think you're achieving. I'm all for science discovering amazing and fantastic things about our world, but I think the motivations behind it are slightly askew.
Once a wise individual said, The more anxious, isolated and time-deprived we are, the more likely we are to turn to paid personal services. To finance these extra services, we work longer hours. This leaves less time to spend with family, friends and neighbors we become less likely to call on them for help, and they on us.
Once a wise individual said, The wisdom and experience of older people is a resource of inestimable worth. Recognizing and treasuring the contributions of older people is essential to the long-term flourishing of any society.
Once a wise individual said, Strength lies not in defence but in attack.
Once a wise individual said, After the United States entered the war, I joined the Naval Reserve and spent ninety days in a Columbia University dormitory learning to be a naval officer.
Once a wise individual said, Violence does, in truth, recoil upon the violent, and the schemer falls into the pit which he digs for another.
Once a wise individual said, The herd instinct among forecasters makes sheep look like independent thinkers.
Once a wise individual said, America's future will be determined by the home and the school. The child becomes largely what he is taught hence we must watch what we teach, and how we live.
Once a wise individual said, If I respect myself and believe in what I'm doing, no one can touch me.
Once a wise individual said, What I'd say about that is that we must respect homosexuals in the church. I've got many homosexual friends, the issue is not in any way a homophobic reaction on my part.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a pretty funny guy, and I would love to do a comedy with a bunch of funny guys - movie-star guys, where they could help me through it.
Once a wise individual said, Experience is the teacher of all things.
Once a wise individual said, The finite is annihilated in the presence of the infinite, and becomes a pure nothing. So our spirit before God, so our justice before divine justice.
Once a wise individual said, I stepped away to find out more about myself, which I was having difficulty doing as a football player. I got a chance to travel the world. I studied Eastern philosophy, and I've grown as a person so much.
Once a wise individual said, Success is more dangerous than failure, the ripples break over a wider coastline.
Once a wise individual said, Dreams must be heeded and accepted. For a great many of them come true.
Once a wise individual said, It's also a question of finding good material and interesting roles. I'm not the only actress out there, and good parts just don't fall into your lap that easily. But I like most of the films I've made recently and so I'm pretty positive about the future.
Once a wise individual said, Travel makes a wise man better, and a fool worse.
Once a wise individual said, And I love that even in the toughest moments, when we're all sweating it - when we're worried that the bill won't pass, and it seems like all is lost - Barack never lets himself get distracted by the chatter and the noise. Just like his grandmother, he just keeps getting up and moving forward... with patience and wisdom, and courage and grace.
Once a wise individual said, Reading a book is like re-writing it for yourself. You bring to a novel, anything you read, all your experience of the world. You bring your history and you read it in your own terms.
Once a wise individual said, It's wonderful to travel with somebody that you love and we never travel anywhere without one another.
Once a wise individual said, Power does not corrupt men fools, however, if they get into a position of power, corrupt power.
Once a wise individual said, And our dreams are who we are.
Once a wise individual said, Winning is great, sure, but if you are really going to do something in life, the secret is learning how to lose. Nobody goes undefeated all the time. If you can pick up after a crushing defeat, and go on to win again, you are going to be a champion someday.
Once a wise individual said, I don't want to wake up and be bored. That's probably my greatest fear is to have nothing to do. What better job is there than to play quarterback for an NFL team, and certainly one that I've been on for a long time and had success with? I don't plan on giving it up any time soon.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think I've ever read poetry, ever.
Once a wise individual said, The one thing that the President can do is to establish a real energy independence plan. We have all the recources we need right here in this country to establish energy independence if we had the leadership.
Once a wise individual said, Some slaves are scoured to their work by whips, others by their restlessness and ambition.
Once a wise individual said, We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Once a wise individual said, Maybe the most that you can expect from a relationship that goes bad is to come out of it with a few good songs.
Once a wise individual said, A movie goes from several stages, from idea to script. As you continue shooting, you will make some adjustments. You're constantly adjusting. It's like a piece of music. You're constantly trying to make it better.
Once a wise individual said, Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not a screamer. I'm confrontational, but I don't think that translates into anger.
Once a wise individual said, A healthy vision of the future is not possible without an accurate knowledge of the past.
Once a wise individual said, In the morning a man walks with his whole body in the evening, only with his legs.
Once a wise individual said, The hallmark of our age is the tension between aspirations and sluggish institutions.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage is a great institution.
Once a wise individual said, Winning is overrated. The only time it is really important is in surgery and war.
Once a wise individual said, I work with really cool people, and so far I haven't been approached in any embarrassing manner when it comes to image.
Once a wise individual said, Life in abundance comes only through great love.
Once a wise individual said, Watergate enabled the Democrats to cut off all aid to South Vietnam and ensure American defeat in a war their party entered and had effectively lost, before Nixon salvaged a non-Communist South Vietnam while effecting a complete American withdrawal.
Once a wise individual said, I have never met a woman who works who doesn't feel guilty. I mean we all deny it like crazy but deep down there is always that voice saying you should be at home.
Once a wise individual said, In all history there is no war which was not hatched by the governments, the governments alone, independent of the interests of the people, to whom war is always pernicious even when successful.
Once a wise individual said, A happy family is but an earlier heaven.
Once a wise individual said, The hardest thing about being famous is that people are always nice to you. You're in a conversation and everybody's agreeing with what you're saying - even if you say something totally crazy. You need people who can tell you what you don't want to hear.
Once a wise individual said, If education is always to be conceived along the same antiquated lines of a mere transmission of knowledge, there is little to be hoped from it in the bettering of man's future. For what is the use of transmitting knowledge if the individual's total development lags behind?
Once a wise individual said, For a long time now I have tried simply to write the best I can. Sometimes I have good luck and write better than I can.
Once a wise individual said, The secret of my success is my hairspray.
Once a wise individual said, You want to balance the budget in this country? We change the salary structure for Congress and the President. Every year they don't balance the budget, we don't pay them.
Once a wise individual said, Life, an age to the miserable, and a moment to the happy.
Once a wise individual said, We tried to have diplomas without learning, we tried to have jobs without work, we tried to have houses without savings, we tried to have government without responsibility.
Once a wise individual said, Applause waits on success.
Once a wise individual said, Men, when they fight in movies, it's a very different style. Harrison Ford was so cool when he had the whip, and Bruce Lee was such an artist that you couldn't take your eyes off of him.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not afraid of aging.
Once a wise individual said, As a chef, I had started working with groups like Share Our Strength and various local food banks in New York, raising money for hunger-related issues. And not only me, but the entire restaurant industry has been very focused on this issue.
Once a wise individual said, A sorrow's crown of sorrow is remembering happier times.
Once a wise individual said, To know anything of a poet but his poetry is, so far as the poetry is concerned, to know something that may be entertaining, even delightful, but is certainly inessential.
Once a wise individual said, 'Home Alone' was a movie, not an alibi.
Once a wise individual said, Democracy shows not only its power in reforming governments, but in regenerating a race of men and this is the greatest blessing of free governments.
Once a wise individual said, Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect.
Once a wise individual said, The disruptive powers of excessive national fecundity may have played a greater part in bursting the bonds of convention than either the power of ideas or the errors of autocracy.
Once a wise individual said, When you stretch the truth, watch out for the snapback.
Once a wise individual said, Not what we experience, but how we perceive what we experience, determines our fate.
Once a wise individual said, All partisan movements add to the fullness of our understanding of society as a whole. They never detract or, in any case, one must not allow them to do so. Experience adds to experience.
Once a wise individual said, If someone decides to be a musician now, it means because there is no hope of money at the end of it, it means they really want to be a musician. And if someone is writing now, there is no hope for money at the end of it.
Once a wise individual said, The study of consciousness that can extend beyond the body is extremely important for the issue of survival, since it is this part of human personality that would be likely to survive death.
Once a wise individual said, You make movies for the people. If critics happen to like them too, well, that's a home run.
Once a wise individual said, Society is at odds with itself.
Once a wise individual said, God, our Creator, has stored within our minds and personalities, great potential strength and ability. Prayer helps us tap and develop these powers.
Once a wise individual said, There are people still in the Republican Party that I believe practice the communication of anger, of disappointment, of regret, of pain, of sorrow, of suffering. That's not what the American people want to hear.
Once a wise individual said, Women have seldom sufficient employment to silence their feelings a round of little cares, or vain pursuits frittering away all strength of mind and organs, they become naturally only objects of sense.
Once a wise individual said, I really think that elected officials should be focused on how you create sustained economic growth, how do you create jobs and all of these issues that made people - segments of our society believe are really important are diversions politically.
Once a wise individual said, Little minds are interested in the extraordinary great minds in the commonplace.
Once a wise individual said, Love is the ultimate theme, but it's not just for women.
Once a wise individual said, Marrying a man is like buying something you've been admiring for a long time in a shop window. You may love it when you get it home, but it doesn't always go with everything else in the house.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think people understand that being poor means you have to work from dawn until dusk just to survive through the day. I think there's some notion that poor people lie about all day not doing anything.
Once a wise individual said, The steady expansion of welfare programs can be taken as a measure of the steady disintegration of the Negro family structure over the past generation in the United States.
Once a wise individual said, At home we're the hosts, and I never liked the idea of being embarrased in front of our friends.
Once a wise individual said, The focus of tolerance education is to deal with the concept of equality and fairness. We need to establish confidence with children that there is more goodness than horror in this world.
Once a wise individual said, All things are perceived in the light of charity, and hence under the aspect of beauty for beauty is simply reality seen with the eyes of love.
Once a wise individual said, And then when all around grows dark, when we feel utterly alone, when all men right and left pass us by and know us not, a forgotten feeling rises in the breast.
Once a wise individual said, I hope that we can continue this cooperation on other critical issues related to America's future technological competitiveness. We must work together to encourage the creative talents that have made our country the world leader in technology.
Once a wise individual said, The truth is, sex doesn't mean that much to me now.
Once a wise individual said, A great attitude does much more than turn on the lights in our worlds it seems to magically connect us to all sorts of serendipitous opportunities that were somehow absent before the change.
Once a wise individual said, One can hardly be Indian and not know that almost every accent, which hand you eat your food with, has some deeper symbolic truth, reality.
Once a wise individual said, A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song.
Once a wise individual said, Ads featuring real women and real beauty are such a necessary component to offset the potentially dangerous programming out there for little girls.
Once a wise individual said, The world is divided into men who have wit and no religion and men who have religion and no wit.
Once a wise individual said, My father still is a lawyer, and my mom was a teacher and then later a career counselor.
Once a wise individual said, Integrity reveals beauty.
Once a wise individual said, I'd call what I do pop music, but it's folky and electronic and it doesn't really sound like much else.
Once a wise individual said, What we heard today was not fiscal leadership from our Commander-in-Chief, what we heard today was a political broadside from our Campaigner-in-Chief.
Once a wise individual said, There's a schizoid streak within the family anyway so I dare say that I'm affected by that. The majority of the people in my family have been in some kind of mental institution, as for my brother he doesn't want to leave. He likes it very much.
Once a wise individual said, If the terrorists have the sympathy of people, it's much harder to find them. So we need people on our side, and that leads us to be responsible leaders of the world, show some concern with the problems.
Once a wise individual said, Power should not be concentrated in the hands of so few, and powerlessness in the hands of so many.
Once a wise individual said, The imagination is part of the arsenal that actors draw from.
Once a wise individual said, What Paris has done right is to make it awful to get around by car and awfully easy to get around by public transportation or by bike.
Once a wise individual said, I have a great relationship with my mother-in-law. We're both Leos, we understand each other.
Once a wise individual said, The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die.
Once a wise individual said, I hope I'm not a tourist attraction - I'm sure that they come here really because St. Andrews is just amazing, a beautiful place.
Once a wise individual said, We can create the ultimate job security by becoming less dependent on the organization for which we work and more dependent on our own resources.
Once a wise individual said, When the rose and the cross are united the alchemical marriage is complete and the drama ends. Then we wake from history and enter eternity.
Once a wise individual said, I speak Spanish to God, Italian to women, French to men, and German to my horse.
Once a wise individual said, But I honestly don't read critics. My dad reads absolutely everything ever written about me. He calls me up to read ecstatic reviews, but I always insist that I can't hear them. If you give value to the good reviews, you have to give value to the criticism.
Once a wise individual said, The power of an air force is terrific when there is nothing to oppose it.
Once a wise individual said, Help us to be ever faithful gardeners of the spirit, who know that without darkness nothing comes to birth, and without light nothing flowers.
Once a wise individual said, He has spent his life best who has enjoyed it most. God will take care that we do not enjoy it any more than is good for us.
Once a wise individual said, You can take Elvis. You can take Marilyn Monroe. Success and fame will not be the answer if something inside of you is bothering you, if things in your mind aren't going right.
Once a wise individual said, Adele Adkins' retro-soul debut, '19', was striking less for her songs than for that voice: a voluptuous, slightly parched alto that swooped and fluttered like a Dusty Springfield student trying to upstage her teacher, or at least update the rules.
Once a wise individual said, The precondition to freedom is security.
Once a wise individual said, Then I decided to draw from and on my own imagination, and everything came out perfect.
Once a wise individual said, Music is the only language in which you cannot say a mean or sarcastic thing.
Once a wise individual said, Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious.
Once a wise individual said, He that is jealous is not in love.
Once a wise individual said, If you like a person you say 'let's go into business together.' Man is a social animal after all, but such partnerships are fraught with danger.
Once a wise individual said, The essence of the Hebrew Bible, transmitted by Christianity, is separation: between life and death, nature and God, good and evil, man and woman, and the holy and the profane.
Once a wise individual said, I slept with faith and found a corpse in my arms on awakening I drank and danced all night with doubt and found her a virgin in the morning.
Once a wise individual said, But I wanted marriage for myself. I was not calculating about it. I wish I was more calculating.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think it's true that blondes have more fun... Trust me, it is not true!
Once a wise individual said, Whatever dreams I have wished have come true.
Once a wise individual said, I like mathematics because it is not human and has nothing particular to do with this planet or with the whole accidental universe - because, like Spinoza's God, it won't love us in return.
Once a wise individual said, Your body tells you what it needs, and if you sleep past your alarm on a Saturday morning, it's probably because you need the sleep.
Once a wise individual said, You have an absolute freedom in Mexican writing today in which you don't necessarily have to deal with the Mexican identity. You know why? Because we have an identity... We know who we are. We know what it means to be a Mexican.
Once a wise individual said, I have always admired and had enormous respect for Elizabeth Taylor. She was not only an incredible actress but an amazing woman as well.
Once a wise individual said, Liberalism is an attitude rather than a set of dogmas - an attitude that insists upon questioning all plausible and self-evident propositions, seeking not to reject them but to find out what evidence there is to support them rather than their possible alternatives.
Once a wise individual said, Aereo is the first potentially transformative technology that has the chance to give people access to broadcast television delivered over the Internet to any device, large or small, they desire. No wires, no new boxes or remotes, portable everywhere there's an Internet connection in the world - truly a revolutionary product.
Once a wise individual said, People who have car collections - I never understood that. I always thought that was unnecessary. It's not beautiful, it's not creative. It's just showing how much money you've got.
Once a wise individual said, You know, this is a war of ideology, a war of thoughts and of faith. And we need people to really stand for faith and trust, not hope and change.
Once a wise individual said, In the evening of life we shall be judged on love, and not one of us is going to come off very well, and were it not for my absolute faith in the loving forgiveness of my Lord I could not call on him to come.
Once a wise individual said, Negro banks, as a rule, have failed because the people, taught that their own pioneers in business cannot function in this sphere, withdrew their deposits.
Once a wise individual said, A family is very special. So when a family splits up, it's not good, it's never good.
Once a wise individual said, My son is now an 'entrepreneur.' That's what you're called when you don't have a job.
Once a wise individual said, The urge to write poetry is like having an itch. When the itch becomes annoying enough, you scratch it.
Once a wise individual said, The fear really hits you. That's what you feel first. And then it's the anger and frustration. Part of the problem is how little we understand about the ultimate betrayal of the body when it rebels against itself.
Once a wise individual said, Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
Once a wise individual said, Respect is one of life's greatest treasures. I mean, what does it all add up to if you don't have that?
Once a wise individual said, A married woman has the same right to control her own body as does an unmarried woman.
Once a wise individual said, We shall be better prepared for the future if we see how terrible, how doomed the present is.
Once a wise individual said, It's funny, I can sit through the worst horror film ever made but even a quite good romantic comedy can drive me nuts.
Once a wise individual said, You will find that the woman who is really kind to dogs is always one who has failed to inspire sympathy in men.
Once a wise individual said, However, many skilled medical volunteers are turned away because community health centers cannot afford to cover their additional medical liability insurance.
Once a wise individual said, I truly believe that we have infinite levels of power that we don't even know are available to us.
Once a wise individual said, I've always liked Saturn. But I also have some sympathy for Pluto because I heard it's been downgraded from a planet, and I think it should remain a planet. Once you've given something planetary status it's kind of mean to take it away.
Once a wise individual said, The voice of the intelligence is drowned out by the roar of fear. It is ignored by the voice of desire. It is contradicted by the voice of shame. It is biased by hate and extinguished by anger. Most of all it is silenced by ignorance.
Once a wise individual said, In my case, I was born to parents who were very young, and I don't think they were entirely ready to have a child. My dad was going to college and working two or three jobs at the same time, and my mum was working and going to school.
Once a wise individual said, Only government can take perfectly good paper, cover it with perfectly good ink and make the combination worthless.
Once a wise individual said, The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?
Once a wise individual said, The superior power of population cannot be checked without producing misery or vice.
Once a wise individual said, We must cultivate our own garden. When man was put in the garden of Eden he was put there so that he should work, which proves that man was not born to rest.
Once a wise individual said, The measure of a man is not how great his faith is, but how great his love is. We must not let government programs disconnect our souls from each other.
Once a wise individual said, I think sex is very interesting for most people, but I'm interested in sex as a way of communication, I'm not that interested in the fantasy version of a sex scene.
Once a wise individual said, I didn't feel any remorse or sympathy if I injured a rival. I went over the top a few times but I never broke anyone's leg.
Once a wise individual said, On the one hand, we'll never experience childbirth. On the other hand, we can open all our own jars.
Once a wise individual said, Under the Healthy Americans Act, you're in charge of your health care - not your employer. If you lose your job, change jobs or just can't find a job, your health insurance is guaranteed to stick with you.
Once a wise individual said, Reality only reveals itself when it is illuminated by a ray of poetry.
Once a wise individual said, Nothing in the universe can travel at the speed of light, they say, forgetful of the shadow's speed.
Once a wise individual said, Human freedom involves our capacity to pause, to choose the one response toward which we wish to throw our weight.
Once a wise individual said, I'm sickened by all religions. Religion has divided people. I don't think there's any difference between the pope wearing a large hat and parading around with a smoking purse and an African painting his face white and praying to a rock.
Once a wise individual said, Human folk are as a matter of fact eager to find intelligence in animals.
Once a wise individual said, Wisdom is learning what to overlook.
Once a wise individual said, It is imperative that when thousands of selfless volunteers respond to those who have incurred the wrath of a natural disaster that legal liability need not be hanging over their heads.
Once a wise individual said, I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure - which is: Try to please everybody.
Once a wise individual said, And by the way, I wanted to point out that Kindred is not science fiction. You'll note there's no science in it. It's a kind of grim fantasy.
Once a wise individual said, Nothing they design ever gets in the way of a work of art.
Once a wise individual said, I would never put my close friends or a real relationship on a show.
Once a wise individual said, I think women are natural caretakers. They take care of everybody. They take care of their husbands and their kids and their dogs, and don't spend a lot of time just getting back and taking time out.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness is the sublime moment when you get out of your corsets at night.
Once a wise individual said, Writing and travel broaden your ass if not your mind and I like to write standing up.
Once a wise individual said, I know from my own experience and from other people in the business that when you come from a place where nobody knew who you were and then there is this sudden shift to where everybody now knows who you are, there's an adjustment that you have to make.
Once a wise individual said, You have this mounting aggressive ignorance with the rabbit's foot of their particular religion. You don't really have any kind of spiritual law, just a kind of a rabid mental illness. The songs are a little slice of life.
Once a wise individual said, All the best have something in common, a regard for reality, an agreement to its primacy over the imagination.
Once a wise individual said, The spotlight will always be on me, but it's something I'm learning to live with as the years go by.
Once a wise individual said, There's a punk-rock attitude, clearly, to 'Hated.' There's even a punk-rock attitude to 'The Hangover,' I think. We start the movie with a Glenn Danzig song.
Once a wise individual said, I have inspiration and feelings of being alive most every day I live.
Once a wise individual said, I acted in theater and I took film classes when I was 12 and just obsessed over it. I loved it and spent hours and hours in the film studio learning and watching.
Once a wise individual said, If there's something that can be formulated, regulated, give you security, then nobody would lose money. Every movie would be successful. And that's certainly not the case.
Once a wise individual said, The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading.
Once a wise individual said, It's very important that every movie I do makes money because I want the people that had the faith in me to get their money back.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage is the highest state of friendship. If happy, it lessens our cares by dividing them, at the same time that it doubles our pleasures by mutual participation.
Once a wise individual said, My faith doesn't go over real well in Hollywood.
Once a wise individual said, During the Cold War, we were interested because we were scared that Russia and the United States were going to go to war. We were scared that Russia was going to take over the world. Every country became a battleground.
Once a wise individual said, I hope that the mistakes made and suffering imposed upon Japanese Americans nearly 60 years ago will not be repeated against Arab Americans whose loyalties are now being called into question.
Once a wise individual said, Slaves are generally expected to sing as well as to work.
Once a wise individual said, I have a right to my anger, and I don't want anybody telling me I shouldn't be, that it's not nice to be, and that something's wrong with me because I get angry.
Once a wise individual said, I don't look to a man to get pride in myself. It's not about having a black president, it's about having a good president, and I think that's the most important thing.
Once a wise individual said, So the American government lied to the Native Americans for many, many years, and then President Clinton lied about a relationship, and everyone was surprised! A little naive, I feel!
Once a wise individual said, I've never been married, but I tell people I'm divorced so they won't think something's wrong with me.
Once a wise individual said, We do not need more intellectual power, we need more spiritual power. We do not need more of the things that are seen, we need more of the things that are unseen.
Once a wise individual said, I think the state of the NFL has a very positive outlook.
Once a wise individual said, A desire arises in the mind. It is satisfied immediately another comes. In the interval which separates two desires a perfect calm reigns in the mind. It is at this moment freed from all thought, love or hate. Complete peace equally reigns between two mental waves.
Once a wise individual said, I had some wonderful dreaming meetings. I can't tell you specifically what they've been in the recent months. In the past they've been verbal kinds of messages that he needed to give me. Now they're more dreams of his presence.
Once a wise individual said, What makes community organizing especially attractive is the faith it places in the ability of the poor to make decisions for themselves.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom of expression is the matrix, the indispensable condition, of nearly every other form of freedom.
Once a wise individual said, My chief gifts are - naturally good at all sports with a raw talent for pretty much everything, which if nurtured could develop into improper talent.
Once a wise individual said, I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a butterfly, or whether I am now a butterfly dreaming I am a man.
Once a wise individual said, Peace is much more precious than a piece of land... let there be no more wars.
Once a wise individual said, I smile so much at the theater my face hurts when I leave.
Once a wise individual said, There is something beautiful about all scars of whatever nature. A scar means the hurt is over, the wound is closed and healed, done with.
Once a wise individual said, Man needs, for his happiness, not only the enjoyment of this or that, but hope and enterprise and change.
Once a wise individual said, The theory of undirected evolution is already dead, but the work of science continues.
Once a wise individual said, Now we're in the midst of not just advocating for change, not just calling for change - we're doing the grinding, sometimes frustrating work of delivering change - inch by inch, day by day.
Once a wise individual said, The right to a trial is a core principle of the American legal system. Depriving Americans of these essential liberties undermines the Constitution while doing nothing to strengthen our national security.
Once a wise individual said, There is probably nothing wrong with art for art's sake if we take the phrase seriously, and not take it to mean the kind of poetry written in England forty years ago.
Once a wise individual said, The liberals think government exists to fix what's wrong with America. They find fault with our Constitution, our economic model and our core values. We disagree with the premise of their argument. We believe there's nothing wrong with America that an extra dose of freedom won't cure.
Once a wise individual said, The capacity you're thinking of is imagination without it there can be no understanding, indeed no fiction.
Once a wise individual said, I grew up in a family where the women were just nuts. They didn't stand around in cardigans making polite conversation while they chopped tomatoes.
Once a wise individual said, The record business is dangerous to the health of bands and individuals, which is something I'm just now learning. But it's not dangerous in any of the ways people think it's not that they try to make you compromise your art. That's not the problem.
Once a wise individual said, Small natures require despotism to exercise their sinews, as great souls thirst for equality to give play to their heart.
Once a wise individual said, Unfortunately, there are so many people who live their whole life in a place that is safe and protected and simple and they don't really have that strength inside to fly.
Once a wise individual said, It is false to suggest that medical breakthroughs come only through government research.
Once a wise individual said, I want to keep my dreams, even bad ones, because without them, I might have nothing all night long.
Once a wise individual said, Living well is the best revenge.
Once a wise individual said, I'm actually living my life with the material I choose to work with.
Once a wise individual said, I never thought much of the courage of a lion tamer. Inside the cage he is at least safe from people.
Once a wise individual said, Maybe I'm naively romantic, but I do believe that spice and excitement doesn't stop once a couple gets together.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom isn't free. It shouldn't be a bragging point that 'Oh, I don't get involved in politics,' as if that makes someone cleaner. No, that makes you derelict of duty in a republic. Liars and panderers in government would have a much harder time of it if so many people didn't insist on their right to remain ignorant and blindly agreeable.
Once a wise individual said, The hardest job kids face today is learning good manners without seeing any.
Once a wise individual said, They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
Once a wise individual said, But when women are moved and lend help, when women, who are by nature calm and controlled, give encouragement and applause, when virtuous and knowledgeable women grace the endeavor with their sweet love, then it is invincible.
Once a wise individual said, Whoever marries the spirit of this age will find himself a widower in the next.
Once a wise individual said, Beware the hobby that eats.
Once a wise individual said, Apply yourself both now and in the next life. Without effort, you cannot be prosperous. Though the land be good, You cannot have an abundant crop without cultivation.
Once a wise individual said, Once in high school, I completely over plucked my left eyebrow all the way up to where you're not supposed to. I had no idea what I was doing and it looked terrible! My mom was like 'What did you do to yourself?' I was so embarrassed.
Once a wise individual said, It is not the Government, the members of Parliament to whom the ultimate decision belongs, it is up to you to go forward sure of your sacred right of free opinion, sure of your patriotism.
Once a wise individual said, The Howard Hughes I knew began to change after his plane crash in 1941.
Once a wise individual said, Like hatred, jealousy is forbidden by the laws of life because it is essentially destructive.
Once a wise individual said, No spring nor summer beauty hath such grace as I have seen in one autumnal face.
Once a wise individual said, Theology is a science of mind applied to God.
Once a wise individual said, No one who set out to design a form of communication would ever end up with anything like English, Mandarin, or any of the more than six thousand languages spoken today.
Once a wise individual said, Non-disclosure in the Internet Age is quickly perceived as a breach of trust. Government, corporations and each of us as individuals must recalibrate how we live and share our lives appropriate to the information now available and the expectations of others.
Once a wise individual said, All men are born with a nose and ten fingers, but no one was born with a knowledge of God.
Once a wise individual said, I will far rather see the race of man extinct than that we should become less than beasts by making the noblest of God's creation, woman, the object of our lust.
Once a wise individual said, It's important not to ditch your mates when you're in a relationship. Lots of girls do it, but you need to remember they will always be there for you.
Once a wise individual said, I think the end goal, hopefully, is to take advantage of the attention I've gotten along the way and use it for good and build some communities, and as I get older I can continue to do things and be surrounded by things that are inspirational to me.
Once a wise individual said, Whether it be a matter of personal relations within a marriage or political initiatives within a peace process, there is no sure-fire do-it-yourself kit.
Once a wise individual said, I'm blessed to have cool roles in these big movies.
Once a wise individual said, But I'm very thankful that no one is slamming my head against the wall anymore.
Once a wise individual said, If we do not permit the earth to produce beauty and joy, it will in the end not produce food, either.
Once a wise individual said, To speak of morals in art is to speak of legislature in sex. Art is the sex of the imagination.
Once a wise individual said, I am what I am, I'm doing very well in my life, and I'm thankful to God for that.
Once a wise individual said, My guess is my brother would call his mom and his dad pretty regularly, a lot more than I probably did.
Once a wise individual said, Opponents of capital punishment argue that the state has no right to take a murderer's life. Apparently, one fact that abolitionists forget or overlook is that the state is acting not only on behalf of society, but also on behalf of the murdered person and the murdered person's family.
Once a wise individual said, Attitude is everything.
Once a wise individual said, Authority without wisdom is like a heavy ax without an edge, fitter to bruise than polish.
Once a wise individual said, Medicine sometimes snatches away health, sometimes gives it.
Once a wise individual said, There is nothing new in art except talent.
Once a wise individual said, War has always been the grand sagacity of every spirit which has grown too inward and too profound its curative power lies even in the wounds one receives.
Once a wise individual said, Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy, but it's very funny - Did you ever try buying then without money?
Once a wise individual said, The Carter Center has the only existing international taskforce on disease eradication. Which means a total elimination of a disease on the face of the Earth. In the history of the world, there's only been one disease eradicated: smallpox. The second disease, I think, is gonna be guinea worm.
Once a wise individual said, When newspapers started to publish the box office scores of movies, I was horrified. Those results are totally fake because they never include the promotion budget.
Once a wise individual said, We must return to nature and nature's god.
Once a wise individual said, In the intellectual order, the virtue of humility is nothing more nor less than the power of attention.
Once a wise individual said, A nation which makes the final sacrifice for life and freedom does not get beaten.
Once a wise individual said, I was so wild and crazy and dumb in my car. It didn't run but 30 miles an hour. You made do.
Once a wise individual said, The only service a friend can really render is to keep up your courage by holding up to you a mirror in which you can see a noble image of yourself.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think immortality is necessarily the key to understanding the world. You have to be careful with what you think you're achieving. I'm all for science discovering amazing and fantastic things about our world, but I think the motivations behind it are slightly askew.
Once a wise individual said, There's nobody else on the face of this earth that's playing a sport at a highest level... with a transplant. That alone continues to inspire me, because I realize throughout the whole world the struggles that people are going through. I need to inspire them the best way I can.
Once a wise individual said, But the important thing about learning to wait, I feel sure, is to know what you are waiting for.
Once a wise individual said, We fear doing too little when we should do more. Then atone by doing too much, when perhaps we should do less.
Once a wise individual said, I try to write lyrics so that they won't age, which sort of leaves you with the big subjects like death and love and sex and violence.
Once a wise individual said, I don't pay to have my dirty work done for me. I do it myself.
Once a wise individual said, Before I go to bed at night, I ice my face, because it closes your pores and makes a difference in the morning.
Once a wise individual said, If you have a positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges.
Once a wise individual said, I am very much opposed to abortion personally. But I don't think it is the government's rule.
Once a wise individual said, Life has meaning only if one barters it day by day for something other than itself.
Once a wise individual said, Our knowledge is a little island in a great ocean of nonknowledge.
Once a wise individual said, But after this natural burst of indignation, no man of sense, courage, or prudence will waste his time or his strength in retrospective reproaches or repinings.
Once a wise individual said, Man, alone, has the power to transform his thoughts into physical reality man, alone, can dream and make his dreams come true.
Once a wise individual said, Most vegetarians look so much like the food they eat that they can be classified as cannibals.
Once a wise individual said, Dreams do come true, if we only wish hard enough, You can have anything in life if you will sacrifice everything else for it.
Once a wise individual said, The process I go through in the art and the architecture, I actually want it to be almost childlike. Sometimes I think it's magical.
Once a wise individual said, What we do every night is we change out the set list as much as we can to make sure that (fans can) go home and tell their friends they experienced something unique and cool.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage cannot be severed from its cultural, religious and natural roots without weakening the good influence of society.
Once a wise individual said, A statesman wants courage and a statesman wants vision but believe me, after six months' experience, he wants first, second, third and all the time - patience.
Once a wise individual said, When we see the face of a child, we think of the future. We think of their dreams about what they might become, and what they might accomplish.
Once a wise individual said, Part of the joy of music is listening to lots of different kinds of music and learning from it. Specifically for me, I like writing songs that move me, and what moves me are beautiful songs on the piano or the guitar and really, really heavy music.
Once a wise individual said, I can't wait for my little sisters to start dating, because it will really be fun to pick on their boyfriends.
Once a wise individual said, I wanted to travel with my dad to be close to him again. Having babies and raising my own family took so much of my time, I didn't have a chance to be with him very often.
Once a wise individual said, If a man be gloomy let him keep to himself. No one has the right to go croaking about society, or what is worse, looking as if he stifled grief.
Once a wise individual said, Education is a human right with immense power to transform. On its foundation rest the cornerstones of freedom, democracy and sustainable human development.
Once a wise individual said, Some people suggest that the problem is the separation of powers. If you had a parliamentary system, the struggle for power would not result in such complex peace treaties that empower so many different people to pursue so many contradictory aims.
Once a wise individual said, You cannot believe in God until you believe in yourself.
Once a wise individual said, I'm glad you're doing this story on us and not on the WNBA. We're so much prettier than all the other women in sports.
Once a wise individual said, There is nothing wrong with America that faith, love of freedom, intelligence, and energy of her citizens cannot cure.
Once a wise individual said, Only free men can negotiate. A prisoner cannot enter into contracts.
Once a wise individual said, Young children were sooner allured by love, than driven by beating, to attain good learning.
Once a wise individual said, I think the first and principle objective is to repeal Obamacare before it does lasting, fundamental damage to our health care system, to our individual liberty, to the relationship each of us has with his or her doctor.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom of expression - in particular, freedom of the press - guarantees popular participation in the decisions and actions of government, and popular participation is the essence of our democracy.
Once a wise individual said, In our own state, we came up with, I think, what was a very novel approach to closing the gap on the uninsured. To harmonize medical records - which was a major step in getting costs out of the system.
Once a wise individual said, Push-ups, sit-ups, and a strict diet of raisins. That's my plan.
Once a wise individual said, Human intelligence may not be the best trick nature has to offer.
Once a wise individual said, I've gotten to go wonderful places, meet interesting and intelligent people, and I started of course in the theatre and continue to work in the theatre where there is some intelligence involved in it.
Once a wise individual said, Popular music formed the soundtrack of my life.
Once a wise individual said, In action a great heart is the chief qualification. In work, a great head.
Once a wise individual said, If you don't know how great this country is, I know someone who does Russia.
Once a wise individual said, Our relationship was cursed by the fact that we agreed on everything.
Once a wise individual said, One of the things that I did before I ran for president is I was a professional speaker. Not a motivational speaker - an inspirational speaker. Motivation comes from within. You have to be inspired. That's what I do. I inspire people, I inspire the public, I inspire my staff. I inspired the organizations I took over to want to succeed.
Once a wise individual said, Traditional science assumes, for the most part, that an objective observer independent reality exists the universe, stars, galaxies, sun, moon and earth would still be there if no one was looking.
Once a wise individual said, What makes my approach special is that I do different things. I do jazz, blues, country music and so forth. I do them all, like a good utility man.
Once a wise individual said, Philosophy would render us entirely Pyrrhonian, were not nature too strong for it.
Once a wise individual said, Artists themselves are not confined, but their output is.
Once a wise individual said, One of the sublimest things in the world is plain truth.
Once a wise individual said, Take the diplomacy out of war and the thing would fall flat in a week.
Once a wise individual said, Science fiction is becoming more of a diverse kind of genre.
Once a wise individual said, The body is a sacred garment.
Once a wise individual said, In the field of sports you are more or less accepted for what you do rather than what you are.
Once a wise individual said, Last time I spoke to my mom she called me from a pay phone, and we didn't have the best talk. Ever since my stepdad passed away three years ago, she has been very depressed and hasn't been herself at all.
Once a wise individual said, Don't trust somebody that don't have a troubled period.
Once a wise individual said, I enjoy being single, but I loved being married.
Once a wise individual said, I never dared to be radical when young for fear it would make me conservative when old.
Once a wise individual said, I'm looking forward to talking to Bill Parcells, too, and to seeing how that marriage with Jerry Jones goes.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom of speech includes the freedom to offend people.
Once a wise individual said, That the way to achieve higher standards of living for all is through science and technology, taking advantage of better tools, methods and organization.
Once a wise individual said, I've always looked the same. Since I was a child, I hated having to deal with my hair. I hated having to change my clothes. As a kid, I had a sailor shirt and the same old corduroy pants, and that's what I wanted to wear everyday.
Once a wise individual said, I am tortured when I am away from my family, from my children. I am horribly guilt-ridden.
Once a wise individual said, In almost every country there are elements of opinion which would welcome such a conclusion because they wish to return to the politics of the balance of power, unrestricted and unregulated armaments, international anarchy, and preparation for war.
Once a wise individual said, History is Philosophy teaching by example.
Once a wise individual said, If love does not know how to give and take without restrictions, it is not love, but a transaction that never fails to lay stress on a plus and a minus.
Once a wise individual said, As a little girl I used to daydream about my real father coming on a white horse to rescue me.
Once a wise individual said, The only good is knowledge, and the only evil is ignorance.
Once a wise individual said, I grew up in a predominantly Caucasian neighborhood, but my mom is Filipino-Spanish and my dad is Irish.
Once a wise individual said, It wasn't until after private lessons and learning bass lines that I even noticed bass in the music I was listening to at that age. My ears were blown wide open.
Once a wise individual said, John Barry was my hero when I was about 13. His scores to the James Bond movies were the scores of my life back then.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is the record of the best and happiest moments of the happiest and best minds.
Once a wise individual said, Politics is just like show business. You have a hell of an opening, coast for a while, and then have a hell of a close.
Once a wise individual said, In my view, there is nothing more vicious and outrageous than the abuse, exploitation and harm of the most vulnerable members of our society, and I firmly believe that our nation's laws and resources need to reflect the seriousness of these terrible crimes.
Once a wise individual said, Design is so critical it should be on the agenda of every meeting in every single department.
Once a wise individual said, No one can find inner peace except by working, not in a self- centered way, but for the whole human family.
Once a wise individual said, I started writing when I had three kids under the age of 4. I used to write every ten minutes I got to sit in front of a computer. Now, when I have more time, I function the same way: if it's writing time, I write.
Once a wise individual said, When I joined Custer I donned the uniform of a soldier. It was a bit awkward at first but I soon got to be perfectly at home in men's clothes.
Once a wise individual said, I can't tell you if genius is hereditary, because heaven has granted me no offspring.
Once a wise individual said, My dad was a mime and then he had his company and created plays for children and was very successful with it.
Once a wise individual said, No matter how close to personal experience a story might be, inevitably you are going to get to a part that isn't yours and, actually, whether it happened or not becomes irrelevant. It is all about choosing the right words.
Once a wise individual said, The line between failure and success is so fine that we scarcely know when we pass it: so fine that we are often on the line and do not know it.
Once a wise individual said, Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths pure theatre.
Once a wise individual said, The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.
Once a wise individual said, When I was a youngster growing up in South Dakota, we never referred to the national debt, it was always referred to as the war debt because it stemmed from World War I.
Once a wise individual said, And my father was a comic. He could play any musical instrument. He loved to perform. He was a wonderfully comedic character. He had the ability to dance and sing and charm and analyze poetry.
Once a wise individual said, Every woman I've had a relationship with has found this maddening the fact that I will talk about anything on the stage, and reveal all this stuff, and yet when I'm at home, I clam up and won't discuss anything intimate or personal.
Once a wise individual said, My philosophy is not a bean-counting, accounting 'look at this.' It is a philosophy that smaller government is better government, and government that is closer to the people is best of all.
Once a wise individual said, Let's be honest about this the liberal agenda with failed stimulus plans and government entitlement programs is crippling our economy and our quality of life.
Once a wise individual said, It is the chiefest point of happiness that a man is willing to be what he is.
Once a wise individual said, One of the things I've started doing lately is tracking my dreams. I feel like there's a lot of information there and you can really bring those emotions to the situations that may feel mundane or familiar. That gives them new life and gives you a new relationship with it - if that makes any sort of sense.
Once a wise individual said, There's also a sense of freedom. I was so obsessed by this problem that I was thinking about if all the time - when I woke up in the morning, when I went to sleep at night, and that went on for eight years.
Once a wise individual said, As a precocious teen I dreamed of being Graham Greene. Well, as it turned out, I never wrote a great novel, sadly, and I never converted to Catholicism, happily, but I did do one thing he did. That is, in middle age I moved to a seaside town and got into a right barney with the local powers-that-be.
Once a wise individual said, I count life just a stuff to try the soul's strength on.
Once a wise individual said, The funny thing is, the girls that I'm always up against for roles are pretty nice and cool, like Emma Watson. She's awesome.
Once a wise individual said, If a man or woman has something redone it is because he or she can no longer live with that part of their body, it is no longer bearable. Either they get help and find the strength to fight or they proceed with the act.
Once a wise individual said, If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life.
Once a wise individual said, What we call Man's power over Nature turns out to be a power exercised by some men over other men with Nature as its instrument.
Once a wise individual said, I was brought up the Mexican way, where actors are paid very little and every part you take is an act of faith. If people respect that, then great.
Once a wise individual said, No matter what you're going through, as long as you have some specific emotion, whether it's positive or negative, it is all stuff that you can use on stage.
Once a wise individual said, The time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself.
Once a wise individual said, No horse gets anywhere until he is harnessed. No stream or gas drives anything until it is confined. No Niagara is ever turned into light and power until it is tunneled. No life ever grows great until it is focused, dedicated, disciplined.
Once a wise individual said, In Mexico, theater is very underground, so if you're a theater actor it's very difficult to make a living. But it's also a very beautiful pathway to knowledge and to an open education.
Once a wise individual said, Winners have the ability to step back from the canvas of their lives like an artist gaining perspective. They make their lives a work of art - an individual masterpiece.
Once a wise individual said, My failure, during the first five or six years of my art training, to get set in the right direction, and the disappointment which it caused me, drove me the more persistently into writing as an alternative.
Once a wise individual said, Now is the time for the U.S. and the nations of Western Europe who engaged in the slave trade throughout this hemisphere to come forward in a positive way to assist in undoing the harm that was caused by their past colonial policies in the hemisphere.
Once a wise individual said, Well, I've never left my faith - but have I made a lot of mistakes? But was I fortunate that I was brought up in that Pentecostal church, where I heard about God's love and God's forgiveness.
Once a wise individual said, Normality is death.
Once a wise individual said, Music is where I have the most creative freedom, but I love producing. To me, that's kind of where all the action is. You get a chance to have your hands in every aspect of a film. From picking a director, sometimes picking a writer, to the actors, the wardrobe, set design, editing, music, and marketing.
Once a wise individual said, The chief function of the city is to convert power into form, energy into culture, dead matter into the living symbols of art, biological reproduction into social creativity.
Once a wise individual said, The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.
Once a wise individual said, Laughter is regional: a smile extends over the whole face.
Once a wise individual said, I think it's so important to keep learning and keep your brain active.
Once a wise individual said, Any system of religion that has anything in it that shocks the mind of a child, cannot be true.
Once a wise individual said, Give light and people will find the way.
Once a wise individual said, I made a small fortune. I made a lot of money and I made a lot of other people wealthy.
Once a wise individual said, My success was not based so much on any great intelligence but on great common sense.
Once a wise individual said, A verbal art like poetry is reflective it stops to think. Music is immediate, it goes on to become.
Once a wise individual said, If a little knowledge is dangerous, where is the man who has so much as to be out of danger?
Once a wise individual said, When I was in elementary school, we weren't allowed to do sports other than cheerleading. By junior high, they let us play, but we had to come back after 6:30 p.m. to practice because there was only one gymnasium and the boys used it first.
Once a wise individual said, One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.
Once a wise individual said, You cannot blame the mismanagement of the economy or the fact that we have not invested adequately in education in order to give our people the knowledge, the skills and the technology that they need in order to be able to use the resources that Africa has to gain wealth.
Once a wise individual said, Our poverty will be brought home to us to its full extent only after the war.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think you need religion.
Once a wise individual said, In scientific work, those who refuse to go beyond fact rarely get as far as fact.
Once a wise individual said, Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life.
Once a wise individual said, The story of the human race is the story of men and women selling themselves short.
Once a wise individual said, Excitement in education and student productivity, the ability to get a result that you want from students, go together and cannot be separated.
Once a wise individual said, A man who was completely innocent, offered himself as a sacrifice for the good of others, including his enemies, and became the ransom of the world. It was a perfect act.
Once a wise individual said, Two great talkers will not travel far together.
Once a wise individual said, When you work you are a flute through whose heart the whispering of the hours turns to music. Which of you would be a reed, dumb and silent, when all else sings together in unison?
Once a wise individual said, Books are good enough in their own way, but they are a poor substitute for life.
Once a wise individual said, Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
Once a wise individual said, I am a candid interview and I have a dark and dry sense of humor - a very Canadian sense of humor and I am only learning now stupidly that you can't read tongue. When I say something funny in a newspaper and I meant it to be funny, it doesn't read that way.
Once a wise individual said, Comedy is defiance. It's a snort of contempt in the face of fear and anxiety. And it's the laughter that allows hope to creep back on the inhale.
Once a wise individual said, A life which does not go into action is a failure.
Once a wise individual said, But you know, we have a very normal family. We've had our ups and downs. You know, we've had our issues, but we've had great cause for celebration.
Once a wise individual said, So many people equate money and success with happiness, especially in the music industry.
Once a wise individual said, I started out mopping floors, waiting tables, and tending bar at my dad's tavern. I put myself through school working odd jobs and night shifts. I poured my heart and soul into a small business. And when I saw how out-of-touch Washington had become with the core values of this great nation, I put my name forward and ran for office.
Once a wise individual said, In charting our course to the future, we are mindful of our path from the past.
Once a wise individual said, Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year.
Once a wise individual said, I speak relatively little, except when I'm at home and I'm asking for things.
Once a wise individual said, It is not short of amazing, the power of a great idea to weld men together. There was in it a peculiar, intense, vital spirit if you will, that I have never felt before in any strike.
Once a wise individual said, Our forces saved the remnants of the Jewish people of Europe for a new life and a new hope in the reborn land of Israel. Along with all men of good will, I salute the young state and wish it well.
Once a wise individual said, In the States, tennis is sixth or seventh on the totem pole as far as sports go.
Once a wise individual said, When I was on my own in a hotel room in Romania, I had the imagination to keep myself occupied.
Once a wise individual said, Just hit my 75th birthday, I'm feeling great!
Once a wise individual said, Quit while you're ahead. All the best gamblers do.
Once a wise individual said, Movies were a struggle for me - they didn't come easy.
Once a wise individual said, I hope the millions of people I've touched have the optimism and desire to share their goals and hard work and persevere with a positive attitude.
Once a wise individual said, A war for a great principle ennobles a nation.
Once a wise individual said, I wouldn't compare myself to any past Idol contestant, because I don't feel like I am like any of them. Maybe stories are cool but my story is different from most people's story. I don't like to compare myself to other people, I like to just be me.
Once a wise individual said, I pressed my father's hand and told him I would protect his grave with my life. My father smiled and passed away to the spirit land.
Once a wise individual said, Physics does not change the nature of the world it studies, and no science of behavior can change the essential nature of man, even though both sciences yield technologies with a vast power to manipulate the subject matters.
Once a wise individual said, The Jews don't like Farrakhan, so they call me Hitler. Well, that's a good name. Hitler was a very great man.
Once a wise individual said, It costs a lot of money to look this cheap.
Once a wise individual said, For me growing up, Christmas time was always the most fantastic, exciting time of year, and you'd stay up until three in the morning. You'd hear the parents wrapping in the other room but you knew that also, maybe, they were in collusion with Santa Claus.
Once a wise individual said, Music was always the distraction, so it was the obvious choice to pursue. My dad always said to find a job I love to do, that way it wouldn't feel like a job. So I did that.
Once a wise individual said, I believe there is complete equality between men and women. And I believe those passages in the New Testament, not by Jesus, but by Paul, that say women should not adorn themselves, they should always wear hats or color their hair in church - things like that - I think they are signs of the times and should not apply to modern-day life.
Once a wise individual said, Writing fiction has developed in me an abiding respect for the unknown in a human lifetime and a sense of where to look for the threads, how to follow, how to connect, find in the thick of the tangle what clear line persists.
Once a wise individual said, Childbirth is more admirable than conquest, more amazing than self-defense, and as courageous as either one.
Once a wise individual said, Some people worry that artificial intelligence will make us feel inferior, but then, anybody in his right mind should have an inferiority complex every time he looks at a flower.
Once a wise individual said, Pizza certainly has its place in school meals, but equating it with broccoli, carrots and celery seriously undermines this nation's efforts to support children's health and their ability to learn because of better school nutrition.
Once a wise individual said, In England and Europe, we have this huge music called ambient - ambient techno, ambient house, ambient hip-hop, ambient this, ambient that.
Once a wise individual said, I think being on a TV show is amazing but also, people get kind of used to seeing you a certain way and so it becomes a challenge to break free from that in a way.
Once a wise individual said, Everything I am I owe to my faith and secondly to parents who were old school.
Once a wise individual said, There are psychological repercussions to illness and we need a little more help to get through the effects not only on the afflicted but on the family. And I think there's even a place for humor in that.
Once a wise individual said, Peace Train is a song I wrote, the message of which continues to breeze thunderously through the hearts of millions of human beings.
Once a wise individual said, Ray Bradbury is, for many reasons, the most influential writer in my life. Throughout our long friendship, Ray supplied not only his terrific stories but a grand model of what a writer could be, should be, and yet rarely is: brilliant and charming and accessible, willing to tolerate and to teach, happy to inspire but also to be inspired.
Once a wise individual said, The guys in my band are great-we watch movies, we eat pizza, take walks, read books. Everybody has a really great sense of humor. And my boyfriend comes and visits me on the road.
Once a wise individual said, Men ought either to be indulged or utterly destroyed, for if you merely offend them they take vengeance, but if you injure them greatly they are unable to retaliate, so that the injury done to a man ought to be such that vengeance cannot be feared.
Once a wise individual said, For all of nature's wonder and beauty, it is also hostile and unpredictable.
Once a wise individual said, If your man is a sports enthusiast, you may have to resign yourself to his spouting off in a monotone on a prize fight, football game or pennant race.
Once a wise individual said, Human subtlety will never devise an invention more beautiful, more simple or more direct than does nature because in her inventions nothing is lacking, and nothing is superfluous.
Once a wise individual said, All things are artificial, for nature is the art of God.
Once a wise individual said, Knowledge has to be improved, challenged, and increased constantly, or it vanishes.
Once a wise individual said, Someday in the distant cyborg future, when our internal and external memories fully merge, we may come to possess infinite knowledge. But that's not the same thing as wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, I think life is sort of like a competition, whether it's in sports, or it's achieving in school, or it's achieving good relationships with people. And competition is a little bit of what it's all about.
Once a wise individual said, This President takes his inspiration from the capitals of Europe we look to the cities and small towns of America. This President puts his faith in government. We put our faith in the American people.
Once a wise individual said, The only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an ice-cream cone, play a slide trombone, plant a small tree, good God, now you're free.
Once a wise individual said, All I can tell you really is if you get to the point where someone is telling you that you are not great or not good enough, just follow your heart and don't let anybody crush your dream.
Once a wise individual said, Everybody in America is soft, and hates conflict. The cure for this, both in politics and social life, is the same - hardihood. Give them raw truth.
Once a wise individual said, Deliberately seek opportunities for kindness, sympathy, and patience.
Once a wise individual said, Some for renown, on scraps of learning dote, And think they grow immortal as they quote.
Once a wise individual said, I was ecstatic they re-named 'French Fries' as 'Freedom Fries'. Grown men and women in positions of power in the U.S. government showing themselves as idiots.
Once a wise individual said, Politics are a very unsatisfactory game.
Once a wise individual said, I feel sorry for people who don't drink. They wake up in the morning and that's the best they're going to feel all day.
Once a wise individual said, I haven't seen a player in this game, as long as I've been in it, that can't be pitched to... Barry is an outstanding ballplayer. I respect him an awful lot. I also have confidence in my pitchers that they can pitch to Barry Bonds and get him out.
Once a wise individual said, Love and business and family and religion and art and patriotism are nothing but shadows of words when a man's starving!
Once a wise individual said, I remember driving to North Carolina when I was a little girl in a snowstorm to get down to my mom's family in the Carolinas. There were chains on the car - it was the late sixties - and we were just singing in the car. Christmas carols.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of women say they love being pregnant, but I wasn't such a big fan.
Once a wise individual said, The danger of the past was that men became slaves. The danger of the future is that man may become robots.
Once a wise individual said, No good movie is too long and no bad movie is short enough.
Once a wise individual said, May I say, finally, that I have no illusions of grandeur quite to the contrary, I am very humble in my knowledge that through forty years of my life my life has been an open book of service to my fellow architects and for the public good.
Once a wise individual said, I was always the new kid in school, I'm the kid from a broken family, I'm the kid who had no dad showing up at the father-son stuff, I'm the kid that was using food stamps at the grocery store.
Once a wise individual said, Cynicism and naivety lie cheek by jowl in the American imagination if the United States is one of the most venal nations on Earth, it is also one of the most earnestly idealistic.
Once a wise individual said, A work of art is above all an adventure of the mind.
Once a wise individual said, The William Penn Hotel in Pittsburgh... was the place where Champagne Music was born.
Once a wise individual said, Music can be healing, and with my history and my knowledge of both sides of what looks like a gigantic divide in the world, I feel I can point a way forward to our common humanity again.
Once a wise individual said, Dreaming men are haunted men.
Once a wise individual said, The institution of chivalry forms one of the most remarkable features in the history of the Middle Ages.
Once a wise individual said, So long as the memory of certain beloved friends lives in my heart, I shall say that life is good.
Once a wise individual said, I gather from a lawyer that there was a rehearsal yesterday. We haven't a hope. I know the presiding judge too: I've had the misfortune to sleep with his wife. He was specially picked.
Once a wise individual said, Pride, envy, avarice - these are the sparks have set on fire the hearts of all men.
Once a wise individual said, I would often find myself, at the age of 21, at midnight, running down a dark street on my own with 10 men chasing me. And the fact they had cameras in their hands made that legal.
Once a wise individual said, Of course I am political. You 'ave to be don't you? Every day it is about your future, your right to that future. 'Ow can people ignore this? We 'ave to leave a good world for our children, n'est-ce pas?
Once a wise individual said, Architecture is the learned game, correct and magnificent, of forms assembled in the light.
Once a wise individual said, I love making people laugh and feel good, and that's awesome and special for me to be able to do that, but there really is nothing like kicking ass whether it's on a major scale, or whether it's in more of a dramatic fashion. Being physical and taking care of business the old-fashioned way is something that I love doing.
Once a wise individual said, Let us not seek to bring religion to others, but let us endeavor to live it ourselves.
Once a wise individual said, Your problem is how you are going to spend this one odd and precious life you have been issued. Whether you're going to spend it trying to look good and creating the illusion that you have power over people and circumstances, or whether you are going to taste it, enjoy it and find out the truth about who you are.
Once a wise individual said, I'm very much into the costuming of any character that I portray and it's one of the great things about making movies is it's a collaborative art form so you get all these artists who are looking specifically about for this instance your character's costume and what that might tell about your character.
Once a wise individual said, I work very hard, but when God opens that door for you - when life opens that door for you, I should say - I think it's important to be giving, to return the love back.
Once a wise individual said, The teacher who is attempting to teach without inspiring the pupil with a desire to learn is hammering on cold iron.
Once a wise individual said, Power doesn't have to be on such a big scale for powerful things to occur. Within your own home, you can be a powerful woman as a mother, influencing your children's lives.
Once a wise individual said, Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap-on-a-rope.
Once a wise individual said, I was a teacher for a long time. I taught at a community college: voice, theory, humanities. And nowadays, music education is a dying thing. Funding is being cut more and more and more.
Once a wise individual said, Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
Once a wise individual said, Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
Once a wise individual said, What's missing from pop music is danger.
Once a wise individual said, Justice means minding one's own business and not meddling with other men's concerns.
Once a wise individual said, Hollywood needs to recognise all shades of African American beauty.
Once a wise individual said, The state comes into existence for the sake of life and continues to exist for the sake of good life.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think there's a date minimum or maximum. I don't get the whole 'All right, you've got to wait three days to call after the date.' If I got a number from a girl, I'd call that night. There's no science to it for me. You just do what it is that you feel like doing.
Once a wise individual said, My mom, she's from Ireland, coached tennis in Nigeria when she was a missionary and turned me on to it when I was young.
Once a wise individual said, The future of publishing is about having connections to readers and the knowledge of what those readers want.
Once a wise individual said, Though every legal task demands this skill, it is especially important in the effort to frame public policy in a way that is properly responsive to human needs and predicaments. The question is always: How will the general rule work in practice?
Once a wise individual said, Faith is not belief without proof, but trust without reservation.
Once a wise individual said, There are two powers in the world one is the sword and the other is the pen. There is a great competition and rivalry between the two. There is a third power stronger than both, that of the women.
Once a wise individual said, Faith is the virtue by which, clinging-to the faithfulness of God, we lean upon him, so that we may obtain what he gives to us.
Once a wise individual said, I'm thought of as a cool, unemotional dancer, but inside I'm not.
Once a wise individual said, Sacred spaces can be created in any environment.
Once a wise individual said, Fear? If I have gained anything by damning myself, it is that I no longer have anything to fear.
Once a wise individual said, Our American friends offer us money, arms, and advice. We take the money, we take the arms, and we decline the advice.
Once a wise individual said, Life doesn't just happen it's constructed through the history of power. And that's something I am interested in and so is the art world: a world that's trying to engage socially, with a leftist slant, to work out how we got here.
Once a wise individual said, A man has to learn that he cannot command things, but that he can command himself that he cannot coerce the wills of others, but that he can mold and master his own will: and things serve him who serves Truth people seek guidance of him who is master of himself.
Once a wise individual said, Jews have had to carry around their own sense of self in a carpet bag and I think perhaps too much emphasis might be being put on nationality and on the other hand patriotism, that sort of thing.
Once a wise individual said, There are few things that we so unwillingly give up, even in advanced age, as the supposition that we still have the power of ingratiating ourselves with the fair sex.
Once a wise individual said, I've always done food that can work in a set time frame. The message I'm trying to get across is, it doesn't have to take three days to do this. With planning, you can do a lot and really have quality food every day.
Once a wise individual said, I do believe very much in the idea of unexpected or 'convulsive' beauty - beauty in the service of liberty.
Once a wise individual said, I never had little brothers, so I was totally not used to hearing a lot of cussing at a young age! I learned what 'pull my finger' meant the hard way.
Once a wise individual said, Religion. A daughter of Hope and Fear, explaining to Ignorance the nature of the Unknowable.
Once a wise individual said, It's not some great work of beauty and love to be a rock-and-roll singer.
Once a wise individual said, When I was a kid, I wanted to be serious, like Daniel Day-Lewis. No one really dreams of being a comic actor, do they? Now I realise how stupid that is - and it's because comic acting isn't taken seriously enough. It's a discipline. You know instantly - either you're funny and getting the laughs, or you're not.
Once a wise individual said, We're going to have more kids playing, and we're going to have a better chance of finding those players Minor sports in a community is for fun and recreation. For everyone.
Once a wise individual said, Wisdom is a kind of knowledge. It is knowledge of the nature, career, and consequences of human values.
Once a wise individual said, It's funny how the music industry is enraged about the Internet and the way things are copied without being paid for. But you know why people steal the music? Because they can't afford the music.
Once a wise individual said, When David Marr at MIT moved into computer vision, he generated a lot of excitement, but he hit up against the problem of knowledge representation he had no good representations for knowledge in his vision systems.
Once a wise individual said, Comedy can be, especially in a writer's room, really aggressive, kind of a very male-dominated room, and it would be hard for women. It's not a nurturing place. It's not like a lot of women are going to say, I can't wait to live that lifestyle and be in a writer's room until 2 or 3 a.m.
Once a wise individual said, My mom moved up between Leland and Greenville when I was just a little tot.
Once a wise individual said, Very learned women are to be found, in the same manner as female warriors but they are seldom or ever inventors.
Once a wise individual said, Only the person who has faith in himself is able to be faithful to others.
Once a wise individual said, A couple of weeks is a long time in American politics.
Once a wise individual said, I suppose for me as an artist it wasn't always just about expressing my work I really wanted, more than anything else, to contribute in some way to the culture that I was living in. It just seemed like a challenge to move it a little bit towards the way I thought it might be interesting to go.
Once a wise individual said, It is another's fault if he be ungrateful, but it is mine if I do not give. To find one thankful man, I will oblige a great many that are not so.
Once a wise individual said, Visual surprise is natural in the Caribbean it comes with the landscape, and faced with its beauty, the sigh of History dissolves.
Once a wise individual said, The library is seen as a force for self improvement and the pursuit of knowledge. I fear that in many cases this is no longer true, if it ever was.
Once a wise individual said, Beware, so long as you live, of judging men by their outward appearance.
Once a wise individual said, The work of the individual still remains the spark that moves mankind ahead even more than teamwork.
Once a wise individual said, I'm comfortable only when there's a mutual attraction. That's what anyone wants. If I find out she's not attracted to me, it brings down my level of attraction to her. If I'm interested and find out she's not, I tend to cool off.
Once a wise individual said, Until he extends his circle of compassion to include all living things, man will not himself find peace.
Once a wise individual said, Becoming food savvy is one thing, but it's amazing how fast savvy turns to snooty, and snooty leaves you preparing three-hour meals that break your budget and that the kids won't even eat.
Once a wise individual said, I have those dreams that you can't put into words.
Once a wise individual said, It is our moral obligation to give every child the very best education possible.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not a businessperson. I have no sense of money. My mom does everything for me. She makes all my decisions for me, and even buys my clothes. She's very protective.
Once a wise individual said, It's a luxury to be able to tell a long form story. I love novels, and I love to have a long relationship with characters.
Once a wise individual said, I grew up not really having anything, so the idea that I can take care of my family and my friends now is a really cool bonus.
Once a wise individual said, We're going to raise a lot of money for cancer awareness, give some to the American Cancer Society and hopefully make a big difference.
Once a wise individual said, Christmas isn't a season. It's a feeling.
Once a wise individual said, We were making the first step out of the age of chemistry and physics, and into the age of biology.
Once a wise individual said, It is very easy to love alone.
Once a wise individual said, If you pray enough for things, I am proof that they can happen. I feel like a kid on Christmas day now, every day. It's something I have wanted for a long time and I am as happy as anyone to be here. It is great to be back at my first love.
Once a wise individual said, The thing that's protected me creatively is that the movies have made profits.
Once a wise individual said, The men who learn endurance, are they who call the whole world, brother.
Once a wise individual said, America is the story of everyday people who did extraordinary things. A story woven deep into the fabric of our society.
Once a wise individual said, An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
Once a wise individual said, All men want to be treated like kings in a relationship, and I think if women don't indulge that sometimes, their men are likely to stray and look for someone who can give that to them.
Once a wise individual said, The devastating punch we took on September 11th still reverberates throughout American society.
Once a wise individual said, Difference of opinion is advantageous in religion. The several sects perform the office of a Censor - over each other.
Once a wise individual said, That's what acting is - it's about... having the courage to allow your audience into the private moments of your characters' lives.
Once a wise individual said, To insult someone we call him 'bestial. For deliberate cruelty and nature, 'human' might be the greater insult.
Once a wise individual said, Lawyers spend a great deal of their time shoveling smoke.
Once a wise individual said, Education is extremely important to the Hispanic community, as well as faith, and certainly working hard.
Once a wise individual said, Love is the beauty of the soul.
Once a wise individual said, What is important is to believe in something so strongly that you're never discouraged.
Once a wise individual said, The proliferation of outlets that digital technology has enabled has itself contributed to the changing nature of what we regard as 'news' and the way in which many citizens perceive politics.
Once a wise individual said, Oh, love will make a dog howl in rhyme.
Once a wise individual said, May we be saved from evil thoughts and deed of enemies of world peace who find pleasure in creating havoc and perpetrating all forms of carnage.
Once a wise individual said, Cock your hat - angles are attitudes.
Once a wise individual said, Col. Shaffer is prohibited by his lawyer from talking. He's at great risk. They want to take away his pay and his health care benefits so they can hold it over his head and not allow him to talk while he's under suspension. This is not America.
Once a wise individual said, You have to do something in your life that is honorable and not cowardly if you are to live in peace with yourself, and for the firefighter it is fire.
Once a wise individual said, A good compromise, a good piece of legislation, is like a good sentence or a good piece of music. Everybody can recognize it. They say, 'Huh. It works. It makes sense.'
Once a wise individual said, Life is thickly sown with thorns, and I know no other remedy than to pass quickly through them. The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
Once a wise individual said, The real art of conducting consists in transitions.
Once a wise individual said, Well married a person has wings, poorly married shackles.
Once a wise individual said, A purely objective viewpoint does not exist in the cosmos or in politics.
Once a wise individual said, I am just absolutely convinced that the best formula for giving us peace and preserving the American way of life is freedom, limited government, and minding our own business overseas.
Once a wise individual said, I don't know what has happened to movies, but lately every movie is at least 20 minutes too long. It used to be that if you were three hours long it was because it was epic - a movie about Gandhi something with very important subject matters.
Once a wise individual said, Official education was telling people almost nothing of the nature of all those things on the seashores, and in the redwood forests, in the deserts and in the plains.
Once a wise individual said, If you think technology can solve your security problems, then you don't understand the problems and you don't understand the technology.
Once a wise individual said, The Bible is one of the greatest blessings bestowed by God on the children of men. It has God for its author salvation for its end, and truth without any mixture for its matter. It is all pure.
Once a wise individual said, If you ever start feeling like you have the goofiest, craziest, most dysfunctional family in the world, all you have to do is go to a state fair. Because five minutes at the fair, you'll be going, 'you know, we're alright. We are dang near royalty.'
Once a wise individual said, A time will come when a politician who has willfully made war and promoted international dissension will be as sure of the dock and much surer of the noose than a private homicide. It is not reasonable that those who gamble with men's lives should not stake their own.
Once a wise individual said, But friendship is the breathing rose, with sweets in every fold.
Once a wise individual said, In France, everyone speaks French 'cause they think it's cool. Gives 'em, gives 'em an excuse to smoke.
Once a wise individual said, At the end of the day, my hope is that when the new Medicare- Prescription Drug Law gets up and fully running a lot more seniors will pay a whole lot less than they do today for their much-needed medications.
Once a wise individual said, You have a political and media elite who have an idiom by which they describe politics. It's highly, highly polarised. It's right, left, red, blue, up, down, victorious, crushed.
Once a wise individual said, Laws are spider webs through which the big flies pass and the little ones get caught.
Once a wise individual said, I spent a college semester in a small town in Italy - and that is where I truly tasted food for the first time.
Once a wise individual said, I can think of some things that would be fun, but I'm living my dreams.
Once a wise individual said, I've always felt that sexuality is a really slippery thing. In this day and age, it tends to get categorized and labeled, and I think labels are for food. Canned food.
Once a wise individual said, The golden rule for every business man is this: 'Put yourself in your customer's place.'
Once a wise individual said, Our guiding principle was that design is neither an intellectual nor a material affair, but simply an integral part of the stuff of life, necessary for everyone in a civilized society.
Once a wise individual said, Old age has deformities enough of its own. It should never add to them the deformity of vice.
Once a wise individual said, And above all things, never think that you're not good enough yourself. A man should never think that. My belief is that in life people will take you at your own reckoning.
Once a wise individual said, When I'm in the car sometimes it's like, 'Yeah, man, just put on the pop music.' You know what I mean? I don't want to listen to Tom Waits.
Once a wise individual said, People who avoid the brick walls - all power to ya, but we all have to hit them sometimes in order to push through to the next level, to evolve.
Once a wise individual said, I've never had a very closely connected family. My parents split up when I was young and I was living with my mom for a little while, then I was kind of just on my own really young. It wasn't some kind of global tragedy, it was just never really a very close-knit family. So there was support in the sense that they didn't stand in my way.
Once a wise individual said, It is not sufficient to see and to know the beauty of a work. We must feel and be affected by it.
Once a wise individual said, No man has any natural authority over his fellow men.
Once a wise individual said, I like everything perfect. Everything has to be neat. My sister is 5, and she's more messy than I am. I make my bed every morning, everything's perfect. My shoes are all arranged. It's sad. I'm a little like Ray, a little bit.
Once a wise individual said, My biggest hobby is hanging out with my family and kids.
Once a wise individual said, The one ironclad rule is that I have to try. I have to walk into my writing room and pick up my pen every weekday morning.
Once a wise individual said, On the mountains mistakes are fatal. In politics, mistakes are wounding emotionally, but you recover. Personally, wilderness helps me get back in touch with natural rhythms, helps me reflect and, in the process, restore my creativity.
Once a wise individual said, So if I was dating somebody now and the relationship didn't work out, I'd take that as failing.
Once a wise individual said, Our mission for younger people is to do our best to make exercise cool, hip - the thing to do.
Once a wise individual said, Y'know, you can't please all the people all the time... and last night, all those people were at my show.
Once a wise individual said, You grow up a bit damaged or broken then you have some success but you don't know how to feel good about the work you're doing or the life you're leading.
Once a wise individual said, Civil union is less than marriage. Marriage is a sacred and valued institution and ought to be afforded equal protection.
Once a wise individual said, I just think people have a lot of fiction. But, you know, I mean, the real story of Facebook is just that we've worked so hard for all this time. I mean, the real story is actually probably pretty boring, right? I mean, we just sat at our computers for six years and coded.
Once a wise individual said, You can't fake it when you're alone with God, you know.
Once a wise individual said, A political prisoner is someone who is out fighting for his or her people's rights and freedom and is imprisoned for that alone.
Once a wise individual said, Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
Once a wise individual said, My mother was a P.E. teacher, and she was kind of a fanatic about fitness and nutrition growing up, so it was ingrained in me at a young age. As I get older, I'm finding out it's not about getting all buffed up and looking good. It's more about staying healthy and flexible.
Once a wise individual said, I'm very free-spirited and crazy. I love to have fun, and I like doing stupid things. At the same time, I'm like a 35-year-old. I have a house. I have a car. I have a steady job. I have a business, and I have to make serious decisions.
Once a wise individual said, God gave me some weird, beautiful scent that makes men and women go crazy. People compare it to Carvel. It is a whale of a smell.
Once a wise individual said, Significant officials at publicly traded companies are casually and cavalierly engaged in insider trading. Because insider trading has as one of its elements communication, it doesn't take rocket science to realize it's nice to have the communication on tape.
Once a wise individual said, I enjoy privacy. I think it's nice to have a little mystery. I think because of technology a lot of the mystery is gone in life, and I'd like to preserve some of that.
Once a wise individual said, We know the road to freedom has always been stalked by death.
Once a wise individual said, My interactions with Sorkin were agonisingly weird. He is by far the weirdest person I have ever met. I had dinner with him and a few hours before I got an e-mail from his assistant saying, 'Sean, this does not need to be a long conversation. Aaron is only going to use it to win your trust.'
Once a wise individual said, Deep Throat is a guy who could have your files and mine in his trust.
Once a wise individual said, Nature has given women so much power that the law has very wisely given them little.
Once a wise individual said, When you're sick, nobody takes care of you like your mom.
Once a wise individual said, You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I'm not hungry enough to eat six.
Once a wise individual said, The old interests of aristocracy - the romance of action, the exalted passions of chivalry and war - faded into the background, and their place was taken by the refined and intimate pursuits of peace and civilization.
Once a wise individual said, We continue to recognize the greater ability of some to earn more than others. But we do assert that the ambition of the individual to obtain for him a proper security is an ambition to be preferred to the appetite for great wealth and great power.
Once a wise individual said, Even a liberal reporter is a patriot, wants the best for this country. And people, your fair and balanced friends at Fox, don't fully understand that.
Once a wise individual said, One man scorned and covered with scars still strove with his last ounce of courage to reach the unreachable stars and the world will be better for this.
Once a wise individual said, If you can eat 70 percent raw or introduce raw into your diet, it will help your health.
Once a wise individual said, We can be tired, weary and emotionally distraught, but after spending time alone with God, we find that He injects into our bodies energy, power and strength.
Once a wise individual said, I'd go to, like, six different schools in one year. We were on welfare, and my mom never ever worked.
Once a wise individual said, Leadership to me means duty, honor, country. It means character, and it means listening from time to time.
Once a wise individual said, When I look back over my life it's almost as if there was a plan laid out for me - from the little girl who was so passionate about animals who longed to go to Africa and whose family couldn't afford to put her through college. Everyone laughed at my dreams. I was supposed to be a secretary in Bournemouth.
Once a wise individual said, The only thing I do on a computer is play Texas Hold 'Em, really. Obviously my cell phone is a computer. My car is a computer. I'm on computers every day without actively seeking them out.
Once a wise individual said, The only way you can have it all is by delegating all the running of the home to other people - which I don't ever want to do... So you do it yourself, and it takes time and energy and effort. And if you give it the time, it's profoundly enjoyable.
Once a wise individual said, Now the only thing I miss about sex is the cigarette afterward. Next to the first one in the morning, it's the best one of all. It tasted so good that even if I had been frigid I would have pretended otherwise just to be able to smoke it.
Once a wise individual said, He's the kind of man a woman would have to marry to get rid of.
Once a wise individual said, When men are arrested without any legal basis and for political reasons, it's merely a routine, everyday occurrence in Russia, and hardly anyone has any sympathy.
Once a wise individual said, The thing that we are trying to do at facebook, is just help people connect and communicate more efficiently.
Once a wise individual said, The love of a mother is the veil of a softer light between the heart and the heavenly Father.
Once a wise individual said, You lose your individuality a huge amount when you have no money, and I certainly had that experience.
Once a wise individual said, If you look back today over the last 25 years, it is a fact that we have had a progressive degeneration of our intelligence community in general in particular in the field of human intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, One lifetime is never enough to accomplish one's horticultural goals. If a garden is a site for the imagination, how can we be very far from the beginning?
Once a wise individual said, Life... is not simply a series of exciting new ventures. The future is not always a whole new ball game. There tends to be unfinished business. One trails all sorts of things around with one, things that simply won't be got rid of.
Once a wise individual said, A man who graduated high in his class at Yale Law School and made partnership in a top law firm would be celebrated. A man who invested wisely would be admired, but a woman who accomplishes this is treated with suspicion.
Once a wise individual said, Government proposes, bureaucracy disposes. And the bureaucracy must dispose of government proposals by dumping them on us.
Once a wise individual said, Patience was not my strong point.
Once a wise individual said, In America it's live by the sword of freedom of expression and be will to die by it as well.
Once a wise individual said, My three Ps: passion, patience, perseverance. You have to do this if you've got to be a filmmaker.
Once a wise individual said, Today we have a health insurance industry where the first and foremost goal is to maximize profits for shareholders and CEOs, not to cover patients who have fallen ill or to compensate doctors and hospitals for their services. It is an industry that is increasingly concentrated and where Americans are paying more to receive less.
Once a wise individual said, People crushed by laws, have no hope but to evade power. If the laws are their enemies, they will be enemies to the law and those who have most to hope and nothing to lose will always be dangerous.
Once a wise individual said, Things are beautiful if you love them.
Once a wise individual said, The saddest thing that befalls a soul is when it loses faith in God and woman.
Once a wise individual said, The initial motivation of the experiment which led to this discovery was a subconscious feeling for the inexhaustible wealth of nature, a wealth that goes far beyond the imagination of man.
Once a wise individual said, I knew that I needed to do something that I desperately loved. There was a period where I did question if it was acting because I knew that I would be making things hard on myself. I knew that there was going to be a little bit of a hullabaloo because of my dad being who he is and all that.
Once a wise individual said, One man cannot practice many arts with success.
Once a wise individual said, Music is a great natural high and a great natural escape.
Once a wise individual said, The government I led gave ordinary people peace, security, dignity, and opportunity to progress.
Once a wise individual said, But without a caring society, without each citizen voluntarily accepting the weight of responsibility, government is destined to grow even larger, taking more of your money, burrowing deeper into your lives.
Once a wise individual said, And so I think that if the person has the funds, the network, and the equipment to do this, and also the experience, which is the key factor, then they can be quite deadly.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom is a right ultimately defended by the sacrifice of America's servicemen and women.
Once a wise individual said, It's not just about filming, you go to awards and interviews too. I enjoy all of it, even learning my lines!
Once a wise individual said, I need music. It's like my heartbeat, so to speak. It keeps me going no matter what's going on - bad games, press, whatever!
Once a wise individual said, I always wanted to be a designer. I read books on fashion from the age of 12.
Once a wise individual said, America doesn't reward people of my age, either in day-to-day life or for their performances.
Once a wise individual said, It is the mark of a good action that it appears inevitable in retrospect.
Once a wise individual said, Being nerdy just means being passionate about something, including everyone - the coolest people on Earth are passionate and therefore nerdy about something whatever it is, whether it's sports, or gaming, or technology, or fashion, or beauty, or food, or whatever.
Once a wise individual said, Do you know what it means to come home at night to a woman who'll give you a little love, a little affection, a little tenderness? It means you're in the wrong house, that's what it means.
Once a wise individual said, If you have a success you have it for the wrong reasons. If you become popular it is always because of the worst aspects of your work.
Once a wise individual said, Country music is three chords and the truth.
Once a wise individual said, Humanity has the stars in its future, and that future is too important to be lost under the burden of juvenile folly and ignorant superstition.
Once a wise individual said, In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
Once a wise individual said, Politics is not about money.
Once a wise individual said, The standard rumor at the time was that Rumsfeld, as chief of staff, had persuaded President Ford to appoint George H.W. Bush as director of Central Intelligence, assuming that that got rid of a potential competitor for the presidency.
Once a wise individual said, People are beginning to see that the first requisite to success in life is to be a good animal.
Once a wise individual said, I don't really like labels in politics, but I will gladly accept the label of conservatism.
Once a wise individual said, I think what made it difficult for people to get, and still makes it difficult for people to get, is the theatrical nature of the work and the fact that, my music doesn't exist without the performance-art element.
Once a wise individual said, I speak directly to the people, and I know that the people of California want to have better leadership. They want to have great leadership. They want to have somebody that will represent them. And it doesn't matter if you're a Democrat or a Republican, young or old.
Once a wise individual said, Loud peace propaganda makes war seem imminent.
Once a wise individual said, Things alter for the worse spontaneously, if they be not altered for the better designedly.
Once a wise individual said, I love sleeping in a moving car more than sleeping in bed.
Once a wise individual said, A rude nature is worse than a brute nature by so much more as man is better than a beast: and those that are of civil natures and genteel dispositions are as much nearer to celestial creatures as those that are rude and cruel are to devils.
Once a wise individual said, The learner always begins by finding fault, but the scholar sees the positive merit in everything.
Once a wise individual said, I never come back home with the same moral character I went out with something or other becomes unsettled where I had achieved internal peace some one or other of the things I had put to flight reappears on the scene.
Once a wise individual said, My father comes from a generation of film that actors my age don't even know about, which is really sad.
Once a wise individual said, Wisdom is learning what to overlook.
Once a wise individual said, When you practice gratefulness, there is a sense of respect toward others.
Once a wise individual said, Indulge not thyself in the passion of anger it is whetting a sword to wound thine own breast, or murder thy friend.
Once a wise individual said, Frankly, I don't trust any diet that doesn't allow sugar.
Once a wise individual said, Real firmness is good for anything strut is good for nothing.
Once a wise individual said, When life is too easy for us, we must beware or we may not be ready to meet the blows which sooner or later come to everyone, rich or poor.
Once a wise individual said, There was really no friendship in modeling, though a certain amount of warmth comes from running into models you know on shoots, because you end up in so many unfamiliar places, from Alaska to Africa.
Once a wise individual said, All is connected... no one thing can change by itself.
Once a wise individual said, Like all science, psychology is knowledge and like science again, it is knowledge of a definite thing, the mind.
Once a wise individual said, The architecture profession has lost a lot of its integrity, especially in the USA. The general architect here has no scruples, no ambitions.
Once a wise individual said, The freethinking of one age is the common sense of the next.
Once a wise individual said, What I've always said is that I'm opposed to institutional racism, and I would've, had I've been alive at the time, I think, had the courage to march with Martin Luther King to overturn institutional racism, and I see no place in our society for institutional racism.
Once a wise individual said, Soap and education are not as sudden as a massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run.
Once a wise individual said, Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace.
Once a wise individual said, We see God face to face every hour, and know the savor of Nature.
Once a wise individual said, Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day.
Once a wise individual said, Among those whom I like or admire, I can find no common denominator, but among those whom I love, I can: all of them make me laugh.
Once a wise individual said, We are always the same age inside.
Once a wise individual said, This is the truth: as from a fire aflame thousands of sparks come forth, even so from the Creator an infinity of beings have life and to him return again.
Once a wise individual said, I cannot think of anything more difficult than to say something which would be worthy of this impressive and, for me, memorable occasion, and of the ideals and purposes which inspired the Nobel Peace Award.
Once a wise individual said, You can safely assume that you've created God in your own image when it turns out that God hates all the same people you do.
Once a wise individual said, If you had told me at 45 years old that I would have to go on tour to get rest, I would've said, 'That's not how it works.' But nothing can be more gratifying. I'm a very hands-on dad.
Once a wise individual said, Baseball was the darling of all sports back then.
Once a wise individual said, In much of society, research means to investigate something you do not know or understand.
Once a wise individual said, As a body everyone is single, as a soul never.
Once a wise individual said, In Los Angeles, by the time you're 35, you're older than most of the buildings.
Once a wise individual said, I never realized until lately that women were supposed to be the inferior sex.
Once a wise individual said, Time is a sort of river of passing events, and strong is its current no sooner is a thing brought to sight than it is swept by and another takes its place, and this too will be swept away.
Once a wise individual said, We all went to Kelsey's wedding, and yeah, we go to parties. We also go to each other's house. A group of us got together over at Kelsey's and just read through some plays just for the fun of it. That may not be everyone's idea of a good time, but we had a good time.
Once a wise individual said, You know it's only 50 miles from Grand River to Canton, but it took me 67 years to travel that distance.
Once a wise individual said, I cured with the power that came through me.
Once a wise individual said, I think that a man should not live beyond the age when he begins to deteriorate, when the flame that lighted the brightest moment of his life has weakened.
Once a wise individual said, As crucial as religion has been and is to the life of the nation, America's unifying force has never been a specific faith, but a commitment to freedom - not least freedom of conscience.
Once a wise individual said, We've become much more casual and much more relaxed in social interactions, where there was a formality and maybe a kind of respect at that time that doesn't exist now.
Once a wise individual said, Family makes a house a home.
Once a wise individual said, Men become much more attractive when they start looking older. But it doesn't do much for women, though we do have an advantage: make-up.
Once a wise individual said, The best CEOs I know are teachers, and at the core of what they teach is strategy.
Once a wise individual said, There are similarities between business and sport, in the pressures involved and in the fitness aspect too.
Once a wise individual said, My parents and grandparents have always been engaged in teaching or the medical profession or the priesthood, so I've sort of grown up with a sense of complicity in the lives of other people, so there's no virtue in that it's the way one is raised.
Once a wise individual said, Our constitutional liberties shall not be sacrificed in our search for greater security, for that is what our enemies and all enemies of freedom and democracy hope to achieve.
Once a wise individual said, My mom was an aesthetician and she went to beauty school back in the '60s. I just remember watching her do her makeup all the time. She always had her nails done, makeup on - her face was ready to go when she went out. I loved it.
Once a wise individual said, But I'm acutely aware that the possibility of fraud is even more prevalent in today's world because of the Internet and cell phones and the opportunity for instant communication with strangers.
Once a wise individual said, There are unknown forces in nature when we give ourselves wholly to her, without reserve, she lends them to us she shows us these forms, which our watching eyes do not see, which our intelligence does not understand or suspect.
Once a wise individual said, If you plan on being anything less than you are capable of being, you will probably be unhappy all the days of your life.
Once a wise individual said, People say I'm not good at writing about men. My dad left when I was 16. Give me a break. I'm doing the best I can.
Once a wise individual said, I can't imagine wanting to be famous just for the sake of being famous. I think fame should come along with success, talent.
Once a wise individual said, Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders smooth as ravens claws.
Once a wise individual said, Art is nothing but the expression of our dream the more we surrender to it the closer we get to the inner truth of things, our dream-life, the true life that scorns questions and does not see them.
Once a wise individual said, Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.
Once a wise individual said, Yes. I think the anti-Wal-Mart is Costco, which pays much better and has much better health benefits and which is profitable and offers low prices.
Once a wise individual said, God's gifts put man's best dreams to shame.
Once a wise individual said, There is nothing, Sir, too little for so little a creature as man. It is by studying little things that we attain the great art of having as little misery and as much happiness as possible.
Once a wise individual said, I always told my dad I'd play professional football.
Once a wise individual said, Band members have a special bond. A great band is more than just some people working together. It's like a highly specialized army unit, or a winning sports team. A unique combination of elements that becomes stronger together than apart.
Once a wise individual said, Let's remember the children who come from broken homes, surrounded by crime, drugs, temptation, their peers having babies out of wedlock, but who still manage to get a good education despite the many obstacles they face every day.
Once a wise individual said, The whole point of being in the Army is wanting to get killed, wanting to test yourself to the limits. Now you have to fly 15,000ft above the war zone to avoid getting hit. I don't think there is any point in having wars if that's how you're going to behave. It's pathetic. All this whining!
Once a wise individual said, People are smarter than you might think.
Once a wise individual said, Women love a self-confident bald man.
Once a wise individual said, The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another's, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises.
Once a wise individual said, For death is not the worst, but when one wants to die and is not able even to have that.
Once a wise individual said, The qualities I am looking for in Miss Right are intelligence and humour.
Once a wise individual said, The price of every thing rises and falls from time to time and place to place and with every such change the purchasing power of money changes so far as that thing goes.
Once a wise individual said, There is no dramatic difference in happiness on the part of people who are wealthy.
Once a wise individual said, All I can ask from society is that it please stop telling me why I should like sports.
Once a wise individual said, The sad truth is that excellence makes people nervous.
Once a wise individual said, I will keep smiling, be positive and never give up! I will give 100 percent each time I play. These are always my goals and my attitude.
Once a wise individual said, I was a science fiction junkie for a long time.
Once a wise individual said, You can easily die racing to cover a bank robbery as you can in a war zone.
Once a wise individual said, I am sure it is one's duty as a teacher to try to show boys that no opinions, no tastes, no emotions are worth much unless they are one's own. I suffered acutely as a boy from the lack of being shown this.
Once a wise individual said, Why do I talk about the benefits of failure? Simply because failure meant a stripping away of the inessential. I stopped pretending to myself that I was anything other than what I was, and began to direct all my energy into finishing the only work that mattered to me.
Once a wise individual said, I think it's funny to be delicate with subjects that are explosive.
Once a wise individual said, One day when I was like 9, I heard the Beatles on the radio, and I asked my dad who they were. He told me they were the best band in the world, and I became obsessed. He started giving me their albums in sequential order, and I listened to them - and only them - until I was probably in high school.
Once a wise individual said, What's that line from TS Eliot? To arrive at the place where you started, but to know it for the first time. I'm able to write about a breakup from a different place. Same brokenness. Same rock-bottom. But a little more informed, now I'm older. Thank God for growing up.
Once a wise individual said, I wasn't very good about juggling family and my career. I was interested in who was coming to the children's birthday party, what my son was writing. I was thinking about Legos.
Once a wise individual said, The only thing of value I have in this life is my ability to tell a story, whether in print, orating, writing it down or having people acting it out. That's why I'm always hoping society never collapses because the first ones to go will be entertainers.
Once a wise individual said, You must not fight too often with one enemy, or you will teach him all your art of war.
Once a wise individual said, The power of community to create health is far greater than any physician, clinic or hospital.
Once a wise individual said, It's not cool to be an alcoholic.
Once a wise individual said, I'm privileged, because I have a lot of freedom. I want to use it to make as warm and normal a life as I can for our daughters.
Once a wise individual said, To win the cause we all believe in, the spread of true democracy all over the world, we need to win by example, not just with speeches but by example not just with military might but by gaining the respect of the world.
Once a wise individual said, What I worry about would be that you essentially have two chambers, the House and the Senate, but you have simply, majoritarian, absolute power on either side. And that's just not what the founders intended.
Once a wise individual said, I didn't go to university. Didn't even finish A-levels. But I have sympathy for those who did.
Once a wise individual said, The addiction to sports, therefore, in a peculiar degree marks an arrested development in man's moral nature.
Once a wise individual said, Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love.
Once a wise individual said, I hope that America as a whole, and especially its architects, will become more seriously involved in producing a new architectural culture that would bring the nation to the apex - where it has stood before - and lead the world.
Once a wise individual said, Aristotle taught that the brain exists merely to cool the blood and is not involved in the process of thinking. This is true only of certain persons.
Once a wise individual said, I wake up every morning and I surprise myself. I wake up to a new me.
Once a wise individual said, Always do your best.
Once a wise individual said, The Federal Government is exploiting public fear to redefine the relationship between the rulers and the American people.
Once a wise individual said, We must not, however, be like the leaders of the great romantic revolt who, in their eagerness to get rid of the husk of convention, disregarded also the humane aspiration.
Once a wise individual said, The person you consider ignorant and insignificant is the one who came from God, that he might learn bliss from grief and knowledge from gloom.
Once a wise individual said, The reward of one duty is the power to fulfill another.
Once a wise individual said, Woody Allen is really the ultimate. I love that he believed in himself enough to do what he did. And I have that same feeling - that there's nobody that looks like me in movies, nobody would cast me as a romantic lead, but I want to do it and I feel confident that I can.
Once a wise individual said, I love America more than any other country in this world, and, exactly for this reason, I insist on the right to criticize her perpetually.
Once a wise individual said, Your own experience keeps taking you towards something. My book adds the hope that it's a better something.
Once a wise individual said, Even as a kid I was never the generator of humor, but I always knew who was funny, who to hang out with.
Once a wise individual said, There's a continuity between what I care about in any form: I care about it in my music, in article-writing, in how I dress, in how I live, in my relationships, in how I navigate paparazzi, how I decorate my home. There's such a continuity between everything that I don't really care what form it shows up in.
Once a wise individual said, Politics is the science of urgencies.
Once a wise individual said, To honor our national promise to our veterans, we must continue to improve services for our men and women in uniform today and provide long overdue benefits for the veterans and military retirees who have already served.
Once a wise individual said, If this war is not fought with the greatest brutality against the bands both in the East and in the Balkans then in the foreseeable future the strength at our disposal will not be sufficient to be able to master this plague.
Once a wise individual said, And to get real work experience, you need a job, and most jobs will require you to have had either real work experience or a graduate degree.
Once a wise individual said, Don't play too much golf. Two rounds a day are plenty.
Once a wise individual said, As a part of preparing those lawsuits, learning about those lawsuits, I learned about the various nuclear issues in parts of the nuclear production process I guess you'd say.
Once a wise individual said, The essence of good government is trust.
Once a wise individual said, He had no failings which were not owing to a noble cause to an ardent, generous, perhaps an immoderate passion for fame a passion which is the instinct of all great souls.
Once a wise individual said, Success always necessitates a degree of ruthlessness. Given the choice of friendship or success, I'd probably choose success.
Once a wise individual said, I would rather drudge out my life on a cotton plantation, till the grave opened to give me rest, than to live with an unprincipled master and a jealous mistress.
Once a wise individual said, Nature and books belong to the eyes that see them.
Once a wise individual said, I like being a Baha'i who has an out-there sense of humor. God gives us talents and faculties, and making people laugh is one of mine.
Once a wise individual said, In a way song writing can almost be detrimental, because suddenly you find an outlet that is a kind of cheating. You don't need to have direct communication. You can say, 'I can't describe it to you, but I will record it and send it to you.'
Once a wise individual said, I'm lucky that my real-life Mom has both a great sense of humor about herself and an amazing ability to slip into complete denial if the subject matter gets a little too close to home.
Once a wise individual said, Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are.
Once a wise individual said, I think having a vision can make someone an influential man. I'm not talking about acting or anything like that, I'm talking about people I admire, whether it's a writer or a musician or a sports figure or a politician, whatever.
Once a wise individual said, I always wanted to be a father. I have a beautiful relationship with my dad and beautiful memories. I always knew I was going to have a family.
Once a wise individual said, To play a lawyer and have one year of law school under your belt, you sort of know what you're talking about! I'm able to memorize the legal courtroom stuff a lot faster than I would have been able to otherwise.
Once a wise individual said, But whether a couple is a man and a woman has everything to do with the meaning of marriage.
Once a wise individual said, You reach a point where you don't work for money.
Once a wise individual said, When we read stories of heroes, we identify with them. We take the journey with them. We see how the obstacles almost overcome them. We see how they grow as human beings or gain qualities or show great qualities of strength and courage and with them, we grow in some small way.
Once a wise individual said, I therefore beg that you would indulge me with the liberty of declining the arduous trust.
Once a wise individual said, It is in war that the State really comes into its own: swelling in power, in number, in pride, in absolute dominion over the economy and the society.
Once a wise individual said, Humanism: an exaltation of freedom, but one limited by our need to exercise it as an integral part of nature and society.
Once a wise individual said, American society is a sort of flat, fresh-water pond which absorbs silently, without reaction, anything which is thrown into it.
Once a wise individual said, There is a God shaped vacuum in the heart of every man which cannot be filled by any created thing, but only by God, the Creator, made known through Jesus.
Once a wise individual said, A taste for irony has kept more hearts from breaking than a sense of humor, for it takes irony to appreciate the joke which is on oneself.
Once a wise individual said, What they could do with 'round here is a good war. What else can you expect with peace running wild all over the place? You know what the trouble with peace is? No organization.
Once a wise individual said, It is better to be alone than in bad company.
Once a wise individual said, The great rule of moral conduct is next to God, respect time.
Once a wise individual said, So I think the winners in recession are the people who produce new technology that does things better, which people really want.
Once a wise individual said, Every woman needs one man in her life who is strong and responsible. Given this security, she can proceed to do what she really wants to do-fall in love with men who are weak and irresponsible.
Once a wise individual said, Religion and art spring from the same root and are close kin. Economics and art are strangers.
Once a wise individual said, When a father, absent during the day, returns home at six, his children receive only his temperament, not his teaching.
Once a wise individual said, I've learned through experience of playing different characters, some of whom were jerks, that when you play a character who is pretentious or obnoxious, in any way, it's important to knock them down a peg.
Once a wise individual said, My second husband believed I had such a fickle attitude to friendship that each Friday he would update the list of my 'Top Ten' friends in the manner of a Top Of The Pops chart countdown.
Once a wise individual said, Universal education is not only a moral imperative but an economic necessity, to pave the way toward making many more nations self-sufficient and self-sustaining.
Once a wise individual said, In this business you have to develop a thick skin, but I'm always going to feel everything. It's my nature.
Once a wise individual said, Science investigates religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power religion gives man wisdom which is control.
Once a wise individual said, My family brought me up to be very respectful of people.
Once a wise individual said, I think you can have 10,000 explanations for failure, but no good explanation for success.
Once a wise individual said, There are a lot of famous comedians from Liverpool, then obviously the Beatles, and the football club. That's what people in Liverpool are passionate about.
Once a wise individual said, We've been trained since kindergarten: Be nice, be kind, share, put on a smile. So we're conditioned to squash our natural selfish instincts, and that's the right thing for society.
Once a wise individual said, My mum was raised Jewish, my dad is very scientifically minded, and my school was vaguely Christian. We sang hymns in school. I liked the hymns bit, but apart from that, I can take it or leave it. So I had lots of different influences when I was younger.
Once a wise individual said, My hero's, my dreams, and my future lie in Yankee Stadium and they can't take that from me.
Once a wise individual said, The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
Once a wise individual said, What matters is this: Being fearless of failure arms you to break the rules. In doing so, you may change the culture and just possibly, for a moment, change life itself.
Once a wise individual said, These sites have torn down the geographical divide that once prevented long distance social relationships from forming, allowing instant communication and connections to take place and a virtual second life to take hold for its users.
Once a wise individual said, I've always had a huge fear of dying or becoming ill. The thing I'm most afraid of, though, is being alone, which I think a lot of performers fear. It's why we seek the limelight - so we're not alone, were adored. We're loved, so people want to be around us. The fear of being alone drives my life.
Once a wise individual said, Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
Once a wise individual said, I got a scholarship to Seattle University and I was writing arrangements for singers and everybody. But the music course was too dry and I really wanted to get away from home.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think nationalism is alone holding the field it's in contention with a lot of different things.
Once a wise individual said, God is not on the side of the big battalions, but on the side of those who shoot best.
Once a wise individual said, God blessed me with two unbelievable parents, and I am just like both of them. I have the smile and charisma of my mother and the big heart of my mom, because she wants to save the world and help the world, so I am just like her.
Once a wise individual said, For me, Dracula has always been associated with travel and beautiful historical places.
Once a wise individual said, Can I see another's woe, and not be in sorrow too? Can I see another's grief, and not seek for kind relief?
Once a wise individual said, That was the day I began cutting classes and returning to TV tapings it ultimately led to a friendship with Johnny O, and an increasing fascination and respect for what he did.
Once a wise individual said, So live that you wouldn't be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.
Once a wise individual said, I ran into Isosceles. He had a great idea for a new triangle!
Once a wise individual said, War is sweet to those who have not experienced it.
Once a wise individual said, We know that dictators are quick to choose aggression, while free nations strive to resolve differences in peace.
Once a wise individual said, I like doing accents and I like learning as much as I can learn.
Once a wise individual said, When my opera Plump Jack was performed in 1989, my first piano teacher sent me something that I'd composed when I was four. I remember I played it, and it still sounded like me. I'm the same composer I was then.
Once a wise individual said, Great research universities must insist on independence from government and on the exercise of academic freedom.
Once a wise individual said, PETA's campaign should be included in school curricula. If we can open children's hearts and minds to animals' needs, teach them to treat a dog or a chicken as if they feel fear and love and pain - as they do - then they will grow up to understand that we are all worthy of respect.
Once a wise individual said, Jehovah God is truly rich far beyond the imagination of humankind.
Once a wise individual said, Schools are not intended to moralize a wicked world, but to impart knowledge and develop intelligence, with only two social aims in mind: prepare to take on one's share in the world's work, and perhaps in addition, lend a hand in improving society, after schooling is done.
Once a wise individual said, It wasn't being an alcoholic - it was going wild. It happened when I got famous. It was like having my teens in my early thirties: blotting out your life, not having to think about anything.
Once a wise individual said, One little person, giving all of her time to peace, makes news. Many people, giving some of their time, can make history.
Once a wise individual said, He that loves not his wife and children feeds a lioness at home, and broods a nest of sorrows.
Once a wise individual said, An insatiable appetite for glory leads to sacrifice and death, but innate instinct leads to self-preservation and life.
Once a wise individual said, Truth makes on the ocean of nature no one track of light every eye, looking on, finds its own.
Once a wise individual said, The best part of the art of living is to know how to grow old gracefully.
Once a wise individual said, The GAO just released a report that said 22 percent of federal programs fail to meet their objectives. The truth is we don't know how taxpayer money is spent in Washington, D.C., which is why I think we ought to put every agency budget up on the Internet for everyone to see.
Once a wise individual said, Short of baseball and my family, it was gaming. And gaming is a $20-million to $200-million multi-year effort. It's an insane, stupid and utterly irresponsible act. But I did it.
Once a wise individual said, Clinton's successor in the White House, George W. Bush, was committed to expanding government spending for faith-based initiatives.
Once a wise individual said, Both in thought and in feeling, even though time be real, to realise the unimportance of time is the gate of wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, Growing old is no more than a bad habit which a busy person has no time to form.
Once a wise individual said, I never subscribe to the stay-at-home policy. I'm not sick of the road or sick of eating in good restaurants around the country. I like to travel.
Once a wise individual said, Nobody wants to read about the honest lawyer down the street who does real estate loans and wills. If you want to sell books, you have to write about the interesting lawyers - the guys who steal all the money and take off. That's the fun stuff.
Once a wise individual said, I hope my own children never have to fight a war.
Once a wise individual said, Most small business owners are not particularly sophisticated business people. That's not a criticism they're passionate about cutting hair or cooking food, and that's why they got in the business, not because they have an MBA.
Once a wise individual said, No, I'm happy to go on living the life I've chosen. I'm a university teacher and I like my job.
Once a wise individual said, Confronting a stadium audience, you can't see the whites of their eyes. It's just an amorphous mass of noise and, of course, you can't see the alleged billions watching at home either, so the degree to which you are intimidated is quite low.
Once a wise individual said, Prepare a noble death song for the day when you go over the great divide.
Once a wise individual said, Now, do I think there has to be shared sacrifice among other nations in the world who want a stable and secure world? Absolutely, there has to be. But I don't think that America can ever abdicate its leadership role in the world because of who we are and where we've come from. We are the symbol for the world for freedom and liberty.
Once a wise individual said, And there's a visceral fun in watching Team America and making it, like taking a puppet and throwing it against the wall. Because it's not CG, there's something funny about it.
Once a wise individual said, I never saw my dad cry. My son saw me cry. My dad never told me he loved me, and consequently I told Scott I loved him every other minute. The point is, I'll make less mistakes than my dad, my sons hopefully will make less mistakes than me, and their sons will make less mistakes than their dads.
Once a wise individual said, Motherhood: All love begins and ends there.
Once a wise individual said, Between understanding and faith immediate connections must subsist.
Once a wise individual said, I am intrigued by inanimate objects. They're a piece of history, someone's statement and ideas of life.
Once a wise individual said, Each morning when I awake, I experience again a supreme pleasure - that of being Salvador Dali.
Once a wise individual said, I have decided to fight for my country, because we have build a success story in Guanajuato, with real results and more yet to come in the next two years.
Once a wise individual said, My father, he was like the rock, the guy you went to with every problem.
Once a wise individual said, I'm an activist for gay marriage equality and children's rights. I'm the face of Share Our Strength.
Once a wise individual said, The lake and the mountains have become my landscape, my real world.
Once a wise individual said, I think films about men are often about characters who don't want to express their feelings. You're supposed to kind of admire them for not expressing their feelings. And I feel that's a bit dull. Women's stories often have stronger emotional content, which I enjoy doing. What I really love doing is mixing that with humor.
Once a wise individual said, No man was ever wise by chance.
Once a wise individual said, As individuals, people are inherently good. I have a somewhat more pessimistic view of people in groups. And I remain extremely concerned when I see what's happening in our country, which is in many ways the luckiest place in the world. We don't seem to be excited about making our country a better place for our kids.
Once a wise individual said, I didn't wake up one morning and not be in the Replacements. We're all that forever, and I've just grown older. I mean, I haven't lost anything. I've gained a few things.
Once a wise individual said, The best way to obtain truth and wisdom is not to ask from books, but to go to God in prayer, and obtain divine teaching.
Once a wise individual said, Every great and deep difficulty bears in itself its own solution. It forces us to change our thinking in order to find it.
Once a wise individual said, Doubt is the middle position between knowledge and ignorance. It encompasses cynicism but also genuine questioning.
Once a wise individual said, Bear in mind North Korea has been the leading source, a leading source of nuclear technology and of missile delivery systems to some of the world's great rogues in Iran and Syria.
Once a wise individual said, I don't feel old. I don't feel anything till noon. That's when it's time for my nap.
Once a wise individual said, Perhaps it's good for one to suffer. Can an artist do anything if he's happy? Would he ever want to do anything? What is art, after all, but a protest against the horrible inclemency of life?
Once a wise individual said, I always separated sports and my personal life.
Once a wise individual said, Many who have spent a lifetime in it can tell us less of love than the child that lost a dog yesterday.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom of religion is a principle that is central to our Nation's Declaration of Independence. Congress has taken this positive step to protect our freedom to express allegiance to America's flag and the ideals it represents.
Once a wise individual said, Sadness is also a kind of defence.
Once a wise individual said, There are a lot of things that make up a performance, a lot of technical things. It isn't always just about pulling it up from the darkest recesses of your mind or your heart. It's your experience and your observation.
Once a wise individual said, Patience is sorrow's salve.
Once a wise individual said, We can have technology, prosperity, nice homes and cars, but at the same time we must be conscious of what we are dumping into the water, the air and our food.
Once a wise individual said, In my own life, I decided to leave meat off my plate in medical school, but was a bit slow to realise that dairy products and eggs are not health foods either.
Once a wise individual said, Grief knits two hearts in closer bonds than happiness ever can and common sufferings are far stronger links than common joys.
Once a wise individual said, Liberty has never come from Government. Liberty has always come from the subjects of it. The history of liberty is a history of limitations of governmental power, not the increase of it.
Once a wise individual said, Our attitudes control our lives. Attitudes are a secret power working twenty-four hours a day, for good or bad. It is of paramount importance that we know how to harness and control this great force.
Once a wise individual said, If they respect the craft and what we're doing and they bring something to the table and they work hard, I don't care what you do as your side job or as your day job.
Once a wise individual said, I get half a million just to show up at parties. My life is, like, really, really fun.
Once a wise individual said, The boys of my people began very young to learn the ways of men, and no one taught us we just learned by doing what we saw, and we were warriors at a time when boys now are like girls.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not in control of my muse. My muse does all the work.
Once a wise individual said, I trust in God, and His ways are not our ways. So we have to go with that, and there's nothing I can do about that.
Once a wise individual said, Rumors sound of galleries asking artists for upsized art and more of it. I've heard of photographers asked to print larger to increase the wall power and salability of their work. Everything winds up set to maximum in order to feed the beast.
Once a wise individual said, Three of my children are medical doctors, they know at least a hundred times as much about your body as my grandfather knew, but they don't know much more about soul than he did.
Once a wise individual said, It wasn't a problem for me drawing humans although I had originally come to the studio with the idea that what I had to offer them was my knowledge in the drawing of animals.
Once a wise individual said, But the issue is not only life and death but our existence before God and our being judged by him. All of us were sinners before him and worthy of condemnation.
Once a wise individual said, Ours is a country built more on people than on territory. The Jews will come from everywhere: from France, from Russia, from America, from Yemen... Their faith is their passport.
Once a wise individual said, I go to the movies at least five times a week, and after a while everything becomes a blur to me.
Once a wise individual said, The United States and Israel have a unique relationship based on our mutual commitment to democracy, freedom, and peace. Therefore, just as our commitment to these principles must be steadfast, so must our support for Israel.
Once a wise individual said, We must take action now, by permitting re-importation, to ensure that health care and prescription drugs remain accessible and affordable for everyone.
Once a wise individual said, In its famous paradox, the equation of money and excrement, psychoanalysis becomes the first science to state what common sense and the poets have long known - that the essence of money is in its absolute worthlessness.
Once a wise individual said, But then I'm one of those guys that is still a bit afraid of the telephone, its implications for conversation. I still wonder if the jukebox might be the death of live music.
Once a wise individual said, That which is so universal as death must be a benefit.
Once a wise individual said, Why do I talk about the benefits of failure? Simply because failure meant a stripping away of the inessential. I stopped pretending to myself that I was anything other than what I was, and began to direct all my energy into finishing the only work that mattered to me.
Once a wise individual said, We need a better way to talk about eating animals, a way that doesn't ignore or even just shruggingly accept things like habits, cravings, family and history but rather incorporates them into the conversation. The more they are allowed in, the more able we will be to follow our best instincts.
Once a wise individual said, We must make it clear that a platform of 'I hate gay men and women' is not a way to become president of the United States.
Once a wise individual said, The sea speaks a language polite people never repeat. It is a colossal scavenger slang and has no respect.
Once a wise individual said, I have been wildly enthused about gaming since I was younger, and a career path I chose not to go down but did really consider was getting into programming and game design.
Once a wise individual said, Goodness, armed with power, is corrupted and pure love without power is destroyed.
Once a wise individual said, Make crime pay. Become a lawyer.
Once a wise individual said, When you relinquish the desire to control your future, you can have more happiness.
Once a wise individual said, Nothing we do, however virtuous, can be accomplished alone therefore we are saved by love.
Once a wise individual said, One way or another, we all have to find what best fosters the flowering of our humanity in this contemporary life, and dedicate ourselves to that.
Once a wise individual said, Conservatism has had from its inception vigorously positive, intellectually rigorous agenda and thinking. That agenda should have in my three pillars: strengthen the economy, strengthen our security, and strengthen our families.
Once a wise individual said, Lord, grant that I might not so much seek to be loved as to love.
Once a wise individual said, We need to find the courage to say no to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity.
Once a wise individual said, A woman is gentle, soft, delicate, and a man's position is to protect her, help her up stairs, make sure she's in the car safely first. Take good care of your woman, and the sky's the limit!
Once a wise individual said, Reading is not a duty, and has consequently no business to be made disagreeable.
Once a wise individual said, I had a fear that I'd be typecast, but I don't really have that fear anymore.
Once a wise individual said, Love is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by beauty.
Once a wise individual said, New terms used like, 'overseas contingency operation' instead of the word 'war' - that reflects a worldview that is out of touch with the enemy that we face. We can't spin our way out of this threat.
Once a wise individual said, The future influences the present just as much as the past.
Once a wise individual said, And harmony means that the relationship between all the elements used in a composition is balanced, is good.
Once a wise individual said, I've always considered myself to be fiercely patriotic. I love Britain - its history and the down-to-earth attitude people have.
Once a wise individual said, I think that in itself is kind of an amazing achievement to be able to say that your full-time career is in any creative arts, let alone a show that has kept people interested for coming on four seasons and hopefully more.
Once a wise individual said, In his first year in office, President Obama pulled us back from the brink of the greatest economic crisis since the Great Depression and worked to lay a new foundation for economic growth. The president identified three key strategies to build that lasting prosperity: innovation, investment, and education.
Once a wise individual said, Peace in Palestine is inevitable. The question is how do we make it happen today.
Once a wise individual said, In its report, the Cox Committee concludes that China is using stolen U.S. design information to speed up its deployment of a new nuclear missile force.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage should be viewed as an institution ordained by God and should be out of the control of the state.
Once a wise individual said, The truth, the absolute truth, is that the chief beauty for the theatre consists in fine bodily proportions.
Once a wise individual said, The older I grow the more I see the influence of my family on my life. I didn't always see it. It was up to our parents to see that we had our education in a town that hadn't yet realized what racial prejudice was but actually knew and practiced it on occasion.
Once a wise individual said, If you want peace work for justice.
Once a wise individual said, The Law of God in the Christian religion is the schoolmaster that leads us to Christ.
Once a wise individual said, By nature's kindly disposition most questions which it is beyond a man's power to answer do not occur to him at all.
Once a wise individual said, What we want to do is reform the welfare system in the way that Tony Blair talked about 13 years ago but never achieved - a system that was created for the days after the Second World War. That prize is now I think achievable.
Once a wise individual said, The first requisite for the happiness of the people is the abolition of religion.
Once a wise individual said, The way to gain a good reputation is to endeavor to be what you desire to appear.
Once a wise individual said, The most important part of education is proper training in the nursery.
Once a wise individual said, Life can only be understood backwards but it must be lived forwards.
Once a wise individual said, I do not want a personal relationship with my fans. Or to do anything that encourages them to think they have one with me. They can have a personal relationship with my songs. That's fine, but they don't know me.
Once a wise individual said, The dictum that truth always triumphs over persecution is one of the pleasant falsehoods which men repeat after one another till they pass into commonplaces, but which all experience refutes.
Once a wise individual said, Patience means restraining one's inclinations.
Once a wise individual said, There's no one place a virus goes to die - but that doesn't make its demise any less a public health victory. Throughout human history, viral diseases have had their way with us, and for just as long, we have hunted them down and done our best to wipe them out.
Once a wise individual said, When I come to a design decision, people know that is that.
Once a wise individual said, Law enforcement officers are never 'off duty.' They are dedicated public servants who are sworn to protect public safety at any time and place that the peace is threatened. They need all the help that they can get.
Once a wise individual said, It is only through such real-life daily struggles and challenges that a genuine sensitivity to human rights can be inculcated. This is a truth that is not limited to school education: it applies to all of us.
Once a wise individual said, The death of Pope John Paul II led many of different faiths and of no faith to acknowledge their debt to the Roman Catholic Church for holding on to absolutes that the rest of us can measure ourselves against.
Once a wise individual said, I think I took my eye off the ball. From about 2005, 2006, 2007, I was out of it. I thought I could oversee movies and have it done for me, so to speak.
Once a wise individual said, I feel drawn to experiment with ways that technology can interact with notions of intimacy, because so much of technology is done in a way that's very cold and has such an opposite effect.
Once a wise individual said, When two kids are being completely berserk, and they're naked and throwing food around, sometimes I just let it go because I can see a future where they're going to be dressed, and they're going to be at school. So I kind of let stuff go sometimes.
Once a wise individual said, Let us keep the dance of rain our fathers kept and tread our dreams beneath the jungle sky.
Once a wise individual said, I guess I'm pretty much of a lone wolf. I don't say I don't like people at all, but, to tell you the truth, I only like it then if I have a chance to look deep into their hearts and their minds.
Once a wise individual said, A transfer of money should never be involved in this profound situation. Although illness is profound, too, but medicine's a business today. It's a business.
Once a wise individual said, I hope my own children never have to fight a war.
Once a wise individual said, If you ask an economist what's driven economic growth, it's been major advances in things that mattered - the mechanization of farming, mass manufacturing, things like that. The problem is, our society is not organized around doing that.
Once a wise individual said, I really enjoy being single again. I spent a lot of time in a relationship and the nearer we came to the end, the more difficult it got. You don't see things clearly as long as you're still involved.
Once a wise individual said, Wisdom is the right use of knowledge. To know is not to be wise. Many men know a great deal, and are all the greater fools for it. There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool. But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, Success in life is founded upon attention to the small things rather than to the large things to the every day things nearest to us rather than to the things that are remote and uncommon.
Once a wise individual said, Governing a great nation is like cooking a small fish - too much handling will spoil it.
Once a wise individual said, To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less.
Once a wise individual said, You want to believe that there's one relationship in life that's beyond betrayal. A relationship that's beyond that kind of hurt. And there isn't.
Once a wise individual said, I think the record speaks for itself. These are two individuals who have been for the war when the headlines were good and against it when their poll ratings were bad.
Once a wise individual said, How can you tell somebody whose is pursuing happiness that they're somehow not American when that was the very first promise that America made?
Once a wise individual said, I have a loyalty that runs in my bloodstream, when I lock into someone or something, you can't get me away from it because I commit that thoroughly. That's in friendship, that's a deal, that's a commitment. Don't give me paper - I can get the same lawyer who drew it up to break it. But if you shake my hand, that's for life.
Once a wise individual said, Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success.
Once a wise individual said, I don't want to be Mr. Romantic Leading Man. I don't want to be the Dance Dude. I don't want to be the Action Guy. If I had to do any one of those all my life, it'd drive me crazy.
Once a wise individual said, Before I refuse to take your questions, I have an opening statement.
Once a wise individual said, The best subjects are always people, who never fail to amaze me by their unpredictability.
Once a wise individual said, I think I usually have quite ordinary dreams. Sometimes my dreams take me to other dimensions. I can travel in my mind especially when I'm dreaming I focus my mind on what I want to dream. If I want to fly, I focus on flying.
Once a wise individual said, When it comes to meat, change is almost always cast as an absolute. You are a vegetarian or you are not.
Once a wise individual said, Science and art, or by the same token, poetry and prose differ from one another like a journey and an excursion. The purpose of the journey is its goal, the purpose of an excursion is the process.
Once a wise individual said, I think the moments that are difficult for anybody are when you see what your life could be, if only you had the courage to take the steps needed.
Once a wise individual said, I always regarded people who want fame with a lot of suspicion. Unless you have a product to sell, I don't know why anyone would want to be famous. I can't imagine what need that would fill.
Once a wise individual said, Say 'no' more than 'yes,' and just make sure you surround yourself with good people.
Once a wise individual said, The Opera was a very cold film, a hopeless and dark film, no hope, no love.
Once a wise individual said, The things that people do now in sports, you can't even believe. These are complete total athletes. To see what human beings can do in the highest level is amazing.
Once a wise individual said, It would be difficult for me not to conclude that the most perfect type of masculine beauty is Satan, as portrayed by Milton.
Once a wise individual said, In matters of conscience, first thoughts are best. In matters of prudence, last thoughts are best.
Once a wise individual said, The beauty of a main title is that you establish your main theme and maybe a bit of your secondary theme. You plant the seed that you're going to go water later in the score. And so, having that removed just made it so much more difficult.
Once a wise individual said, Fear cannot be banished, but it can be calm and without panic it can be mitigated by reason and evaluation.
Once a wise individual said, We all struggle with our failure to communicate and our failure to reach beyond fear to love people.
Once a wise individual said, Yes, you must have the courage of being free.
Once a wise individual said, Swedes are such a civilised, perfect society - at least on the surface. There's a great safety net, a huge middle class, free education, free health care. People are very polite, they wait their turn. They're not too loud, they're not too quiet, but sometimes it's a little too perfect.
Once a wise individual said, Lots of people say to me, 'I completely hate Busted'. That's completely cool with me. I understand why.
Once a wise individual said, Most of an award-show host's job is showing up and keeping a cool head and soldiering through it, whether it's the Oscars or the Hallmark Channel's 'Hero Dog Awards.'
Once a wise individual said, No characters in 'Stay Close,' including the leads, are black and white. I want them to be grey. I think that makes for a much more interesting reading experience, something that will stay with you a little bit longer.
Once a wise individual said, Anger is implanted in us as sort of sting, to make us gnash with our teeth against the devil, to make us vehement against him, not to set us in array against each other.
Once a wise individual said, I think Polanski's an amazing director.
Once a wise individual said, Some men like a dull life - they like the routine of eating breakfast, going to work, coming home, petting the dog, watching TV, kissing the kids, and going to bed. Stay clear of it - it's often catching.
Once a wise individual said, A man should never neglect his family for business.
Once a wise individual said, The miracle is not that we do this work, but that we are happy to do it.
Once a wise individual said, Education alone can conduct us to that enjoyment which is, at once, best in quality and infinite in quantity.
Once a wise individual said, Global markets must be balanced by global values such as respect for human rights and international law, democracy, security and sustainable economic and environmental development.
Once a wise individual said, Ninety percent of leadership is the ability to communicate something people want.
Once a wise individual said, I love a smart, well-written show, and '30 Rock,' well, you can't get any better than that. Tina Fey poos funny. There's nothing that she does that isn't funny. That show is an example of how brilliant she is. It's so smart. They've done some brilliant commentary about the 'Housewives' with 'Queen of Jordan,' their show-within-the-show.
Once a wise individual said, I only like food without color, like potatoes, bread, and pasta.
Once a wise individual said, For the man sound of body and serene of mind there is no such thing as bad weather every day has its beauty, and storms which whip the blood do but make it pulse more vigorously.
Once a wise individual said, President Obama and his radical feminist enforcers have had it in for Catholic medical providers from the get-go. It's about time all people of faith fought back against this unprecedented encroachment on religious liberty. First, they came for the Catholics. Who's next?
Once a wise individual said, No employer today is independent of those about him. He cannot succeed alone, no matter how great his ability or capital. Business today is more than ever a question of cooperation.
Once a wise individual said, When something is such a creative medium as the web, the limits to it are our imagination.
Once a wise individual said, There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest.
Once a wise individual said, The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents.
Once a wise individual said, The only thing I can say about having this type of success is that you can get yourself in trouble because basically the world is set open for you. People will say yes to anything you ask, so it's basically down to you and what you want or need.
Once a wise individual said, It is time for parents to teach young people early on that in diversity there is beauty and there is strength.
Once a wise individual said, Advertising ministers to the spiritual side of trade. It is great power that has been entrusted to your keeping which charges you with the high responsibility of inspiring and ennobling the commercial world. It is all part of the greater work of the regeneration and redemption of mankind.
Once a wise individual said, Qaddafi is hated because he is the leader of a small country that is rich, but he uses his money to finance liberation struggles.
Once a wise individual said, I'm afraid I talk a lot, too much, perhaps. I should have been a lawyer or a college professor or a windy politician, though I'm glad I am not any of these.
Once a wise individual said, Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul. Worry, fear, self-distrust bows the heart and turns the spirit back to dust.
Once a wise individual said, Love in its essence is spiritual fire.
Once a wise individual said, In our time political speech and writing are largely the defense of the indefensible.
Once a wise individual said, In the long history of the world, only a few generations have been granted the role of defending freedom in its hour of maximum danger. I do not shrink from this responsibility - I welcome it.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes in the past when I played something might make me lose focus, or I would go home after a game where I thought I could have played better and I would let it hang over my head for a long time when it shouldn't.
Once a wise individual said, I played a lot of sports when I was a kid so I get in that ballgame mindset of being really, really respectful, but at same time saying to yourself, 'Don't back down a single inch, hang with these guys if you can.' If they throw it high and tight you have to stand in there, you can't take yourself out of that moment.
Once a wise individual said, One important theme is the extent to which one can ever correct an error, especially outside any frame of religious forgiveness. All of us have done something we regret - how we manage to remove that from our conscience, or whether that's even possible, interested me.
Once a wise individual said, America's Veterans have served their country with the belief that democracy and freedom are ideals to be upheld around the world.
Once a wise individual said, Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody expects of you. Never excuse yourself.
Once a wise individual said, The books that help you most are those which make you think that most. The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty.
Once a wise individual said, If I have enough money to eat I'm good.
Once a wise individual said, You know, I was a huge fan of comedy and movies and TV growing up, and I was able to memorize and mimic a lot of things, not realizing that that meant I probably wanted to be an actor.
Once a wise individual said, When you travel, remember that a foreign country is not designed to make you comfortable. It is designed to make its own people comfortable.
Once a wise individual said, I think people are born bisexual and the make subconscious choices based on the pressures of society. I have no question in my mind about being bisexual. But I'm also a hypocrite: I would never date a girl who is bisexual, because that means they also sleep with men, and men are so dirty that I'd never sleep with a girl who had slept with a man.
Once a wise individual said, I know the Russian political elite has got used to the Ukraine suffering from an inferiority complex, but I want this to disappear from our relationship.
Once a wise individual said, Baseball just a came as simple as a ball and bat. Yet, as complex as the American spirit it symbolizes. A sport, a business and sometimes almost even a religion.
Once a wise individual said, He who laughs best today, will also laughs last.
Once a wise individual said, I just get so fed up with seeing the same things written about me. If I see the words 'ice queen' attached to me, I feel like banging my head against the wall. There's this perception that I can only be in a film if I have a glass of champagne in my hand and a stately home in the background.
Once a wise individual said, What we observe is not nature itself, but nature exposed to our method of questioning.
Once a wise individual said, What Romantic terminology called genius or talent or inspiration is nothing other than finding the right road empirically, following one's nose, taking shortcuts.
Once a wise individual said, I got amazing training both with Theatre Sports... back in Edmonton, Alberta - I can't give those people enough credit - and the daytime drama I did. Incredible training, both of them.
Once a wise individual said, Design is important, it's an important dimension in the car. It's not the only one.
Once a wise individual said, I remember being a kid and sleeping over at my friend's house and staying up late and watching 'Nosferatu.' Vampire movies are supposed to be secret and bad. They should be rated R.
Once a wise individual said, A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
Once a wise individual said, I'm chairing a UNESCO committee on how to improve global Internet communications for science help third-world people get onto the Net so they can be part of the process.
Once a wise individual said, Flying back from New York, the flight attendant said 'God, I wished you were here yesterday, we had a stroke on the plane. I said, if I have a stroke on a plane, I hope the pretend doctor isn't the one on the plane. I want a real doctor.
Once a wise individual said, Let's be naughty and save Santa the trip.
Once a wise individual said, There is no education system in the world - none at all - that's better than its average teacher.
Once a wise individual said, It ought to be illegal for an artist to marry. If the artist must marry let him find someone more interested in art, or his art, or the artist part of him, than in him. After which let them take tea together three times a week.
Once a wise individual said, Almost anyone can be an author the business is to collect money and fame from this state of being.
Once a wise individual said, I have a huge respect for writers and realise that this is not an area that I find easy. I doubt that I would have the patience in front of a blank sheet of paper to become a writer.
Once a wise individual said, Justice is never given it is exacted and the struggle must be continuous for freedom is never a final fact, but a continuing evolving process to higher and higher levels of human, social, economic, political and religious relationship.
Once a wise individual said, To pursue a so-called Third Way is foolish. We had our experience with this in the 1960s when we looked for a socialism with a human face. It did not work, and we must be explicit that we are not aiming for a more efficient version of a system that has failed.
Once a wise individual said, If we are to negotiate the coming years safely, we may need a new kind of leadership. To put it more precisely, we need the rediscovery of an ancient kind of leadership that has rarely been given the prominence it deserves. I mean the leader as teacher.
Once a wise individual said, Music, when soft voices die Vibrates in the memory.
Once a wise individual said, People who build family businesses are not classically trained. They have to deal with an enormous amount of politics. You think corporate politics are tough? Go work for your dad or your mom.
Once a wise individual said, Deep Throat's information, and in my view, courage, allowed the newspaper to use what he knew and suspected.
Once a wise individual said, I think marriage is ghastly.
Once a wise individual said, I've actually tried to roast somebody that I don't like, and it doesn't go well. Either they're a bad sport or I'm not as funny as I could be.
Once a wise individual said, A peaceful man does more good than a learned one.
Once a wise individual said, It became clear to me in an instant that living a gay life without publicly acknowledging it is simply not enough to make any significant contribution to the immense work that lies ahead on the road to complete equality.
Once a wise individual said, When you blame others, you give up your power to change.
Once a wise individual said, My teacher, my great cello teacher Leonard Rose, was such a great cellist, and nurturing man, very patient. But I grew up not only admiring him, but obviously Casals, Rostrotovich, Jacqueline du Pre, and many others, including many of my peers and contemporaries.
Once a wise individual said, If you're unhappy, you should change what you're doing.
Once a wise individual said, An optimist is a person who starts a new diet on Thanksgiving Day.
Once a wise individual said, When I announced the development of Perl 6, I said it was going to be a community design. I designed Perl, myself. It's limited by my own brain power. So I wanted Perl 6 to be a community design.
Once a wise individual said, I failed the LSAT. Basically, if I had not failed, I'd have been a lawyer and there would be no Spanx. I think failure is nothing more than life's way of nudging you that you are off course. My attitude to failure is not attached to outcome, but in not trying. It is liberating.
Once a wise individual said, Save a boyfriend for a rainy day - and another, in case it doesn't rain.
Once a wise individual said, I was brought up in a car family, my dad loved cars and I was taught the art of making an Austin 7 operate.
Once a wise individual said, Is he alone who has courage on his right hand and faith on his left hand?
Once a wise individual said, A brain is a society of very small, simple modules that cannot be said to be thinking, that are not smart in themselves. But when you have a network of them together, out of that arises a kind of smartness.
Once a wise individual said, There is nothing so strong or safe in an emergency of life as the simple truth.
Once a wise individual said, Beauty is being in harmony with what you are.
Once a wise individual said, Make friends with the angels, who though invisible are always with you. Often invoke them, constantly praise them, and make good use of their help and assistance in all your temporal and spiritual affairs.
Once a wise individual said, The truth of our faith becomes a matter of ridicule among the infidels if any Catholic, not gifted with the necessary scientific learning, presents as dogma what scientific scrutiny shows to be false.
Once a wise individual said, It's a bit odd that nobody seems to be using the correct technical term to describe organized Islamic terrorists. They are not a faction of a religion or a social movement. They are a cult. A suicide cult.
Once a wise individual said, Black History Month must be more than just a month of remembrance it should be a tribute to our history and reminder of the work that lies in the months and years ahead.
Once a wise individual said, I was delighted to not go to university. I couldn't wait to be out of education.
Once a wise individual said, A merchant who approaches business with the idea of serving the public well has nothing to fear from the competition.
Once a wise individual said, Finishing food is about the tiny touches. In the last seconds you can change everything.
Once a wise individual said, Beware of anyone who says they know. Trust me, they don't, or they wouldn't have to say they did.
Once a wise individual said, My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.
Once a wise individual said, I wasn't a ballet baby. My first dance class was in an outdoor pavilion when I was three. It was called 'creative movement.' The teacher gave us chiffon scarves in beautiful colors. She turned on some music and said, 'Now go dance.' So for me, dance has always been about self-expression.
Once a wise individual said, What do I like in a girl? I like a girl that likes me, a girl that knows how to smile and see the bright side of things. A girl that makes me a better person.
Once a wise individual said, Unless you have been to boarding-school when you are very young, it is absolutely impossible to appreciate the delights of living at home.
Once a wise individual said, There are movements which impinge upon the nerves with a strength that is incomparable, for movement has power to stir the senses and emotions, unique in itself.
Once a wise individual said, But all the money in the world cannot make you happy either, so there has to be a balance.
Once a wise individual said, At the start of his second term, one wonders less about Obama's fitness than his willingness: Why doesn't he do more to build and maintain the relationships required to govern in era of polarization?
Once a wise individual said, After the atomic bombs were dropped, the war ended and we went into Tokyo Bay with the rest of the fleet, the Missouri and the rest of them, while they signed the terms of surrender that ended the war.
Once a wise individual said, Secrecy is the freedom tyrants dream of.
Once a wise individual said, With the song 'This Christmas' I wanted to do something that was kind of different. I mean, Donny Hathaway is an amazing artist. So I wanted to bring my flavor to the song so when people over the age of 45 or 50 hear it they'll be like 'OK, he did his thing with that record.' It's like I can appeal to everybody and not just a younger demographic.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage gives you a new respect for a person.
Once a wise individual said, Welcome to Lake Wobegon, where all the women are strong, all the men are good-looking, and all the children are above average.
Once a wise individual said, The best movies have one sentence that they're exploring, a thesis, something that people can argue about over dinner afterward.
Once a wise individual said, God will never direct us to be prideful, arrogant and unforgiving, immoral or slothful or full of fear. We step into these things because we are insensitive to the leadership of the Holy Spirit within us.
Once a wise individual said, The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.
Once a wise individual said, I would like to find a stew that will give me heartburn immediately, instead of at three o clock in the morning.
Once a wise individual said, Up until age 40, most men are just not as mature as women. So, it makes sense that a lot of women date up in age a bit.
Once a wise individual said, I'd never had money growing up, and it's never been that important to me, except maybe to take our kids on a nice vacation or something like that.
Once a wise individual said, When you say 'design,' everybody thinks of magazine pages. So it's an emotive word. Everybody thinks it's how something looks, whereas for me, design is pretty much everything.
Once a wise individual said, Whosoever is delighted in solitude is either a wild beast or a god.
Once a wise individual said, I would define, in brief, the poetry of words as the rhythmical creation of Beauty.
Once a wise individual said, I follow the most random people on Twitter. I follow famous people like Khloe Kardashian, who surprisingly makes really funny tweets all the time.
Once a wise individual said, I wasn't looking to get into TV. My family was in the movie business, so I was never interested in that world.
Once a wise individual said, I will stay in the car until the last minute that I'm going to jump out and do a standup or jump out and do some interviews.
Once a wise individual said, When I was working, and when I was making substantial amounts of money, I always filed and paid my taxes. This only stopped, when it was necessary to withdraw from society, in order to guarantee the safety and well-being of myself and my family.
Once a wise individual said, He doesn't know the meaning of the word fear, but then again he doesn't know the meaning of most words.
Once a wise individual said, I love my daughter, but she had me on couscous and fixed me pastas and made me eat oatmeal every morning and what else, turkey burgers, turkey bacon, and that kind of stuff. So she wants her dad to live a long time, and I do, too.
Once a wise individual said, Most of these people who are celebrities now don't do anything to deserve it, so by that fact alone, I don't want to be one.
Once a wise individual said, The people of the world genuinely want peace. Some day the leaders of the world are going to have to give in and give, it to them.
Once a wise individual said, I spent a great deal of time with Che Guevara while I was in Havana. I believe he was far less a mercenary than he was a freedom fighter.
Once a wise individual said, But my patriotism goes for something beyond what we have. We don't have something that I want to die for - anymore.
Once a wise individual said, The hardest job kids face today is learning good manners without seeing any.
Once a wise individual said, I think the Canadian sense of humor is dryer than America's and juicier than Britain's. I think it's a cross between the two of them, really.
Once a wise individual said, If you ever injected truth into politics you have no politics.
Once a wise individual said, For the past 21 years, I've been privileged to be part of an amazing organization called the International Women's Media Foundation.
Once a wise individual said, Thus so wretched is man that he would weary even without any cause for weariness... and so frivolous is he that, though full of a thousand reasons for weariness, the least thing, such as playing billiards or hitting a ball, is sufficient enough to amuse him.
Once a wise individual said, President Bush has shown great leadership. He has said that the 21st century will not be ruled or dictated by terrorists, dictators, and murderers. He is absolutely right. God bless him for his resolve.
Once a wise individual said, I don't know the history of my sport. I'm not like those people who know everything.
Once a wise individual said, Michael Palin decided to give up on his considerable comedy talents to make those dreadfully tedious travel shows. Have you ever tried to watch one?
Once a wise individual said, The first casualty when war comes is truth.
Once a wise individual said, I got all the respect in the world for the front-runners in this race, but ask yourself: If we replace a Democratic insider with a Republican insider, you think we're really going to change Washington, D.C.? You don't have to settle for Washington and Wall Street insiders who supported the Wall Street bailout and the Obamacare individual mandate.
Once a wise individual said, In a crowded marketplace, fitting in is a failure. In a busy marketplace, not standing out is the same as being invisible.
Once a wise individual said, Mysticism, poor mysticism! When it is underestimated and oversimplified, it comes down from its original sphere and stands beside religion.
Once a wise individual said, If we think we have ours and don't owe any time or money or effort to help those left behind, then we are a part of the problem rather than the solution to the fraying social fabric that threatens all Americans.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage: A friendship recognized by the police.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage is a religious and state issue.
Once a wise individual said, That was always my frustration with so many of these shows, because design is not an ambush... it's a relationship. You have to know how people move and live and work to be able to design for them.
Once a wise individual said, People don't trust private health insurance companies for all the right reasons.
Once a wise individual said, Like almost everyone who uses e-mail, I receive a ton of spam every day. Much of it offers to help me get out of debt or get rich quick. It would be funny if it weren't so exciting.
Once a wise individual said, There's the conventional wisdom, of which I have none, where you get a record deal, you get a publicist, you get a campaign, and you do the tour, but none of that adds up to things like nuance and subtlety and dynamic.
Once a wise individual said, Much good art got made while money ruled I like a lot of it, and hardship and poverty aren't virtues. The good news is that, since almost no one will be selling art, artists - especially emerging ones - won't have to think about turning out a consistent style or creating a brand. They'll be able to experiment as much as they want.
Once a wise individual said, Base souls have no faith in great individuals.
Once a wise individual said, When you have a good mother and no father, God kind of sits in. It's not enough, but it helps.
Once a wise individual said, Religion's in the heart, not in the knees.
Once a wise individual said, It absolutely helped - to write the father in both 'Juicy' and 'Beasts,' I had to see the whole story from his point of view. All of a sudden I understood more of what my own father must be going through - the fear, the frustration, the anger... the hope that he'll leave a legacy.
Once a wise individual said, To state the facts frankly is not to despair the future nor indict the past. The prudent heir takes careful inventory of his legacies and gives a faithful accounting to those whom he owes an obligation of trust.
Once a wise individual said, Every great advance in natural knowledge has involved the absolute rejection of authority.
Once a wise individual said, One faces the future with one's past.
Once a wise individual said, I would like to do something modern and possibly funny.
Once a wise individual said, The only way marriage can work is if a man respects the woman and she is a thinking woman and he wants to work on the marriage.
Once a wise individual said, There is a growing literature about the multitude of journalism's problems, but most of it is concerned with the editorial side of the business, possibly because most people competent to write about journalism are not comfortable writing about finance.
Once a wise individual said, I hope America can also be the cultural leader of the world, and use this frontier spirit to lead and show others that we need courage to go places where we have not gone before.
Once a wise individual said, For me, growing up, the downside of it was that as a kid you don't want to stand out. You don't want to have a famous father let alone get a job because of your famous father, you know? But I'm a product of nepotism. That's how I got my foot in the door, through my dad.
Once a wise individual said, I suppose if I'd got a brilliant first and done research I might still be a don today, but I hope not. People become dons because they are incapable of doing anything else in life.
Once a wise individual said, My boyfriend calls me 'princess', but I think of myself more along the lines of 'monkey' and 'retard'.
Once a wise individual said, When I first found out that I was an Idol finalist, I cried tears of happiness. I was just so happy, and my family was there and the fact that got to see that moment and share that moment with me was just everything to me.
Once a wise individual said, An excessive knowledge of Marxism is a sign of a misspent youth.
Once a wise individual said, Whether in chains or in laurels, liberty knows nothing but victories.
Once a wise individual said, We're still living with the old paradigm of age as an arch. That's the old metaphor: You're born, you peak at midlife and decline into decrepitude.
Once a wise individual said, I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.
Once a wise individual said, It begins and ends with money. It's absurd in this day and age when we need so much money for education, health, for people, that a $100 million dollars can be spent on a film. It's obscene.
Once a wise individual said, We shall never have more time. We have, and always had, all the time there is. No object is served in waiting until next week or even until tomorrow. Keep going... Concentrate on something useful.
Once a wise individual said, I'm just attracted to playing people who are ostensible unlikable. That's not to say that there's something in there that makes you care. It might be that you just find them so awful that you just can't stop watching, like a car crash.
Once a wise individual said, Acting is something I appreciate, and I think it's been an amazing experience. But I'm not passionate about acting the way you probably should be to call yourself an actor.
Once a wise individual said, I just finished my homework fast, I was bored to death. There wasn't 500 channels so there was a thing for a librarian to teach a kid like me about reading. I started reading early and I read all the time, because I love it.
Once a wise individual said, We need to make sure that there's art in the school. Why? Why should art be in the school? Because if art isn't in a school, then a guy like Steve Jobs doesn't get a chance to really express himself because in order for art to meet technology, you need art.
Once a wise individual said, Probably induced by the asthma, I started reading and writing early on, my literary efforts from the age of about nine running chiefly to poetry and plays.
Once a wise individual said, Love is a springtime plant that perfumes everything with its hope, even the ruins to which it clings.
Once a wise individual said, Rather than waiting for future trials to determine rules that will impact every citizen, Congress should step in and write a law that takes every American's rights into consideration.
Once a wise individual said, Elves have this superhuman strength, yet they're so graceful. Tolkien created them to be angelic spirits, but I also saw Legolas as something out of the Seven Samurai.
Once a wise individual said, Patriotism consists not in waving the flag, but in striving that our country shall be righteous as well as strong.
Once a wise individual said, I believe it is peace in our time.
Once a wise individual said, Complete peace equally reigns between two mental waves.
Once a wise individual said, We are already producing enough food to feed the world. We already have technology in place that allows us to produce more than we can find a market for.
Once a wise individual said, From cell phones to computers, quality is improving and costs are shrinking as companies fight to offer the public the best product at the best price. But this philosophy is sadly missing from our health-care insurance system.
Once a wise individual said, We will not learn how to live together in peace by killing each other's children.
Once a wise individual said, Wise men speak because they have something to say Fools because they have to say something.
Once a wise individual said, What I like about music is the songs you can remember the lines of in a single second.
Once a wise individual said, The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
Once a wise individual said, We try, we fail, we posture, we aspire, we pontificate - and then we age, shrink, die, and vanish.
Once a wise individual said, Yes, I've listened to just a few audiobooks - but hope to listen to more. I've wanted to investigate how my own books sound in this format and find the experience of listening, and not reading, quite fascinating.
Once a wise individual said, In the beginning, we had a great deal of freedom, and Jerry wrote completely out of his imagination - very, very freely. We even had no editorial supervision to speak of, because they were in such a rush to get the thing in before deadline. But later on we were restricted.
Once a wise individual said, Now is the age of anxiety.
Once a wise individual said, Dialogue and education for peace can help free our hearts from the impulse toward intolerance and the rejection of others.
Once a wise individual said, Until you have lost your reputation, you never realize what a burden it was or what freedom really is.
Once a wise individual said, The Marine Corps is the Navy's police force and as long as I am President that is what it will remain. They have a propaganda machine that is almost equal to Stalin's.
Once a wise individual said, God, as Truth, has been for me a treasure beyond price. May He be so to every one of us.
Once a wise individual said, To have what we want is riches but to be able to do without is power.
Once a wise individual said, When a novel has 200,000 words, then it is possible for the reader to experience 200,000 delights, and to turn back to the first page of the book and experience them all over again, perhaps more intensely.
Once a wise individual said, I don't ever want to be hugely famous because I had a little taste of it after 'East Is East' and 'Bend It.'
Once a wise individual said, To make no mistakes is not in the power of man but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
Once a wise individual said, I have always written poetry but I have never applied it to songwriting.
Once a wise individual said, Every creature is better alive than dead, men and moose and pine trees, and he who understands it aright will rather preserve its life than destroy it.
Once a wise individual said, The dream begins with a teacher who believes in you, who tugs and pushes and leads you to the next plateau, sometimes poking you with a sharp stick called 'truth'.
Once a wise individual said, The increased presence of Muslims in Italy and in Europe is directly proportional to our loss of freedom.
Once a wise individual said, I would like to see more airplay for all artists, no matter what age. I think there's a lot of money being spent toward the young guys, but a lot of the older guys are the ones who blazed the trail for those young guys.
Once a wise individual said, Beyonce is the most amazing woman in the world.
Once a wise individual said, Thanks to capitalism, the importance placed on beauty has never been so manipulated. We are the guinea pigs force-fed ads that tell us how pathetic we are: that we will never be loved, happy or valuable unless we have the body, the face, the hair, even the personality that will apparently be ours, if only we buy their products.
Once a wise individual said, I mean, being a child was being a child, was being a creature without power, without pocket money, without escape routes of any kind. So I didn't want to be a child.
Once a wise individual said, If you want to look at the state of humans, you should look at the state of animals first. People are choosing whether or not they can feed an animal and their family. And every shelter coast-to-coast is stuffed.
Once a wise individual said, Become an internationalist and learn to respect all life. Make war on machines. And in particular the sterile machines of corporate death and the robots that guard them.
Once a wise individual said, Science never gives up searching for truth, since it never claims to have achieved it.
Once a wise individual said, When everything is lonely I can be my best friend.
Once a wise individual said, It is cruel, you know, that music should be so beautiful. It has the beauty of loneliness of pain: of strength and freedom. The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love. The cruel beauty of nature and everlasting beauty of monotony.
Once a wise individual said, From what we've heard about George W., he has a lot issues that he wants to run on. They're positive. They're good. He thinks he's got a good vision for America.
Once a wise individual said, In so much of politics you're not allowed to disagree with what's been agreed.
Once a wise individual said, I was in the postseason twice and I'm thankful for that.
Once a wise individual said, My first wish is to see this plague of mankind, war, banished from the earth.
Once a wise individual said, It is now common knowledge that the average American gains 7 pounds between Thanksgiving and New Year's Day.
Once a wise individual said, You can't live your life blaming your failures on your parents and what they did or didn't do for you. You're dealt the cards that you're dealt. I realised it was a waste of time to be angry at my parents and feel sorry for myself.
Once a wise individual said, All of the legal defense funds out there, they're looking for people out there with court of appeals experience, because court of appeals is where policy is made. And I know, I know this is on tape and I should never say that because we don't make law, I know. I know.
Once a wise individual said, If I'm a lush at anything, it's food and drink. I'm not materialistic in any way, but I value food.
Once a wise individual said, Imagination is the wide-open eye which leads us always to see truth more vividly.
Once a wise individual said, Think you're escaping and run into yourself. Longest way round is the shortest way home.
Once a wise individual said, The sentiments in Hawaii about Washington's failure of leadership are no different than the rest of the country.
Once a wise individual said, A dog will teach you unconditional love. If you can have that in your life, things won't be too bad.
Once a wise individual said, The biggest danger to the European Union comes not from those who advocate change, but from those who denounce new thinking as heresy. In its long history Europe has experience of heretics who turned out to have a point.
Once a wise individual said, I really love 'Soapdish.' I wish 'Soapdish' had more of a moment because I felt that that is a really strong, funny movie. Kevin Kline is hilarious in that movie.
Once a wise individual said, We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.
Once a wise individual said, When I wake up in the morning, I feel like a billionaire without paying taxes.
Once a wise individual said, It's so funny looking back, but my so-called overnight success actually took 15 years. I remember when I didn't have any money, and my only car was mom's Hyundai.
Once a wise individual said, A text of Tibetan Buddhism describes the time of death as a unique opportunity for spiritual liberation from the cycles of death and rebirth and a period that determines our next incarnation.
Once a wise individual said, The actions of men are the best interpreters of their thoughts.
Once a wise individual said, Though I love the luxury of the Waldorf Towers, room service there doesn't do soul food.
Once a wise individual said, While I will always have the utmost respect for the superhuman out-of-bounds freestyle and extreme stunts that seem to continually progress beyond our imaginable limits, my highest appreciation goes out to the simple rider who's out there just for the experience.
Once a wise individual said, The only thing I do on a computer is play Texas Hold 'Em, really. Obviously my cell phone is a computer. My car is a computer. I'm on computers every day without actively seeking them out.
Once a wise individual said, Without the way, there is no going without the truth, there is no knowing without the life, there is no living.
Once a wise individual said, And the things that we fear are a weapon to be held against us.
Once a wise individual said, People are already finding ways to make their music and play it in front of people and have a life in music, I guess, and I think that's pretty much all you can ask.
Once a wise individual said, I was a wild, mischievous kid, and I had tremendous imagination. Any experience I had, I'd try to reenact it.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not really interested in sports psychology. It makes me feel like a crazy person.
Once a wise individual said, Having a child, that's always been my biggest fear. I want a child and I fear a child.
Once a wise individual said, My dad had a commercial film company, so he had a videotape player before anyone. So he got Mel Brooks movies or Citizen Kane or some classic old movies. And every summer the revival house in Evanston would show the great films from the '50s and '60s and '70s.
Once a wise individual said, Obviously, a long-distance relationship is hard. But, like anything worth having, you make it work.
Once a wise individual said, Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
Once a wise individual said, There are many ways to be free. One of them is to transcend reality by imagination, as I try to do.
Once a wise individual said, Everything I have, my career, my success, my family, I owe to America.
Once a wise individual said, The kitchen's a laboratory, and everything that happens there has to do with science. It's biology, chemistry, physics. Yes, there's history. Yes, there's artistry. Yes, to all of that. But what happened there, what actually happens to the food is all science.
Once a wise individual said, The day in 2004 when the radiologist told me I had invasive cancer, I walked down the hospital corridor looking for a phone to call my husband, and I could almost see the fear coming toward me like a big, black shadow.
Once a wise individual said, Not to say people shouldn't get rich from art. I adore the alchemy wherein artists who cast a complex spell make rich people give them their money. (Just writing it makes me cackle.) But too many artists have been making money without magic.
Once a wise individual said, My daughters, your daughters, our daughters deserve safety, protection, and the freedom to make their own choices about their personal lives and their physical selves.
Once a wise individual said, Individuality is founded in feeling and the recesses of feeling, the darker, blinder strata of character, are the only places in the world in which we catch real fact in the making, and directly perceive how events happen, and how work is actually done.
Once a wise individual said, Those who visit foreign nations, but associate only with their own country-men, change their climate, but not their customs. They see new meridians, but the same men and with heads as empty as their pockets, return home with traveled bodies, but untravelled minds.
Once a wise individual said, Science is not about control. It is about cultivating a perpetual condition of wonder in the face of something that forever grows one step richer and subtler than our latest theory about it. It is about reverence, not mastery.
Once a wise individual said, No student of Chinese history can say that the Chinese are incapable of religious experience, even when judged by the standards of medieval Europe or pious India.
Once a wise individual said, All societies on the verge of death are masculine. A society can survive with only one man no society will survive a shortage of women.
Once a wise individual said, Set religion free, and a new humanity will begin.
Once a wise individual said, I hope this will help new moms not feel alone or desperate, and that there is no shame in their feelings. PPD is out of their control, but the treatment and healing process is not.
Once a wise individual said, The only reason I would stay away from a period piece is because sometimes the women are painted in a very stereotypical weakling, wallflower way - that's something I don't want to do. I want to show strength in the women I play, and a journey of some sort.
Once a wise individual said, How strange this fear of death is! We are never frightened at a sunset.
Once a wise individual said, Our generation has an incredible amount of realism, yet at the same time it loves to complain and not really change. Because, if it does change, then it won't have anything to complain about.
Once a wise individual said, Mom was the one who taught me unconditional love. With Dad, I'd always felt there was something to live up to - expectations. But in the last year, we had a wonderful relationship.
Once a wise individual said, The work that must be done for each woman to reconnect with her psyche and to give herself a chance to live her own life is essentially the same. The realization of the equality of all races, the equality of all beings is essential.
Once a wise individual said, When people get married because they think it's a long-time love affair, they'll be divorced very soon, because all love affairs end in disappointment. But marriage is a recognition of a spiritual identity.
Once a wise individual said, I'll keep peace at all cost, even if I choke to death on my tongue.
Once a wise individual said, I find myself more at peace when I live in Europe.
Once a wise individual said, I need to do things on my own, need to be left alone.
Once a wise individual said, My heart lies in music and acting, however, my inspiration comes from adrenaline rush I get from sports... and life.
Once a wise individual said, Work, apart from devotion or love of God, is helpless and cannot stand alone.
Once a wise individual said, Success comes in waves.
Once a wise individual said, Doubt is not the opposite of faith it is one element of faith.
Once a wise individual said, I don't read 'chick lit,' fantasy or science fiction but I'll give any book a chance if it's lying there and I've got half an hour to kill.
Once a wise individual said, Other countries, such as Israel, successfully employ behavior detection techniques at their airports, but the bloated, ineffective bureaucracy of TSA has produced another security failure for U.S. transportation systems.
Once a wise individual said, Excessive sorrow laughs. Excessive joy weeps.
Once a wise individual said, When you love someone all your saved up wishes start coming out.
Once a wise individual said, At the very end of a book I can manage to work for longer stretches, but mostly, making stuff up for three hours, that's enough. I can't do any more. At the end of the day I might tinker with my morning's work and maybe write some again. But I think three hours is fine.
Once a wise individual said, I only did karaoke once in my life. It was with Courtney Love and it was a total disaster. She pulled me on stage in front of 500 people at a wedding. I'd never done karaoke before.
Once a wise individual said, If the Romans had been obliged to learn Latin, they would never have found time to conquer the world.
Once a wise individual said, To imply that religious believers have no right to engage moral questions in the public square or at the ballot is simply to establish a Reichian secularism as our state faith.
Once a wise individual said, I'm very confident my health isn't going to allow me to be a good player, especially in the spring.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is language at its most distilled and most powerful.
Once a wise individual said, A life lived with integrity - even if it lacks the trappings of fame and fortune is a shining star in whose light others may follow in the years to come.
Once a wise individual said, Democracy is not so much a form of government as a set of principles.
Once a wise individual said, He who is overly attached to his family members experiences fear and sorrow, for the root of all grief is attachment. Thus one should discard attachment to be happy.
Once a wise individual said, Humor helps ease the tension of race and the differences in society. If there wasn't comedy I don't know if Obama could have ever become president.
Once a wise individual said, We have entered an age in which education is not just a luxury permitting some men an advantage over others. It has become a necessity without which a person is defenseless in this complex, industrialized society. We have truly entered the century of the educated man.
Once a wise individual said, Hard work - I mean, does anybody use that term anymore? Laziness doesn't fly. It's all in the practice. It does take work and it ain't easy - but man, the rewards!
Once a wise individual said, It is precisely our job as Catholics to speak the truth as plainly and precisely as we can.
Once a wise individual said, Why should we honour those that die upon the field of battle? A man may show as reckless a courage in entering into the abyss of himself.
Once a wise individual said, American society as a whole can never achieve the outer-reaches of potential, so long as it tolerates the inner cities of despair.
Once a wise individual said, A single conversation across the table with a wise man is better than ten years mere study of books.
Once a wise individual said, Russia will occupy most of the good food lands of central Europe while we have the industrial portions. We must find some way of persuading Russia to play ball.
Once a wise individual said, President Obama's reckless defense cuts that are hanging over our cloud, hanging over the horizon could put almost 44,000 jobs at stake right here in Pennsylvania. we are not going to let that happen. You know why? Because No. 1, national defense is the first priority of the federal government.
Once a wise individual said, If I were a capitalist I would not give my employees health insurance with no deductible, which I do, including dental, and paid pregnancy leave. That's not called capitalism, that's called being a Christian and someone who believes in democracy, so that everyone should get a fair slice of the pie.
Once a wise individual said, My parents have a strong work ethic, but their attitude to life, their philosophy, is: 'whatever makes you happy.'
Once a wise individual said, If history is a guide, a victory for Obama means he faces the prospect of a second term dogged by scandal or inertia.
Once a wise individual said, I hear good things about Xbox Live from some of my younger teammates. I think it would be fun to be able to challenge fans all over the world. It would be cool to be able to play some of my friends back home in the States. I'm looking forward to trying it.
Once a wise individual said, In these days, it is doubtful that any child may reasonably be expected to succeed in life if he is denied the opportunity of an education.
Once a wise individual said, Love and kindness are never wasted. They always make a difference. They bless the one who receives them, and they bless you, the giver.
Once a wise individual said, Childhood itself is scarcely more lovely than a cheerful, kindly, sunshiny old age.
Once a wise individual said, When you're true to who you are, amazing things happen.
Once a wise individual said, The educator must believe in the potential power of his pupil, and he must employ all his art in seeking to bring his pupil to experience this power.
Once a wise individual said, A civilized society is one which tolerates eccentricity to the point of doubtful sanity.
Once a wise individual said, But inner experience is only one source of human knowledge.
Once a wise individual said, Whether you come from a council estate or a country estate, your success will be determined by your own confidence and fortitude.
Once a wise individual said, I could play it safe by recording songs that are familiar, but am I expanding myself as an artist by doing covers? It's a catch-22. It's called show business: The word 'business' is in it, and you've got to be a businessman. But then again, you have to be true to yourself as an artist.
Once a wise individual said, Our democracy, our constitutional framework is really a kind of software for harnessing the creativity and political imagination for all of our people. The American democratic system was an early political version of Napster.
Once a wise individual said, I always believed that women have rights and that there are some women that are intelligent enough to claim those rights. There are some others that are stupid enough not to.
Once a wise individual said, I started running around my 30th birthday. I wanted to lose weight I didn't anticipate the serenity. Being in motion, suddenly my body was busy and so my head could work out some issues I had swept under a carpet of wine and cheese. Good therapy, that's a good run.
Once a wise individual said, Those who write the editorials and those who write the columns, they simply are unaccountable. They're free to impose their cultural politics in the name of freedom of the press.
Once a wise individual said, I look back into past history, the stored experiences or products of the imagination. I look no further forward than the evening.
Once a wise individual said, Friendship always benefits love sometimes injures.
Once a wise individual said, The truth is, after Boys Don't Cry, I realized how few and far between the great roles are. I am beyond thankful for finding Million Dollar Baby.
Once a wise individual said, I was in civil society long before I was ever in politics or my husband was ever even elected president.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not a traditional politician, and I have a sense of humor. I'll try to soften it and become boring, maybe even very boring, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to.
Once a wise individual said, It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
Once a wise individual said, It's wonderful to be here in the great state of Chicago.
Once a wise individual said, Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision, and relentlessly drive it to completion.
Once a wise individual said, It might be said now that I have the best of both worlds. A Harvard education and a Yale degree.
Once a wise individual said, My father loved people, children and pets.
Once a wise individual said, No religion has mandated killing others as a requirement for its sustenance or promotion.
Once a wise individual said, Every test, every trial, every heartache that's been significant, I can turn it over and see how God has turned it into good no matter what.
Once a wise individual said, I am going to spend my time today just thanking the people that played a role in my career, because I truly do believe that I was blessed by a lot of people that paths crossed mine as I went down the road in my career.
Once a wise individual said, Living here on Earth, we breathe the rhythms of a universe that extends infinitely above us. When resonant harmonies arise between this vast outer cosmos and the inner human cosmos, poetry is born.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage is like wine. It is not be properly judged until the second glass.
Once a wise individual said, I tried to stir the imagination and enthusiasms of students to take risks, to do what they were most afraid of doing, to widen their horizons of action.
Once a wise individual said, Tonight, we gather to affirm the greatness of our nation - not because of the height of our skyscrapers, or the power of our military, or the size of our economy. Our pride is based on a very simple premise, summed up in a declaration made over two hundred years ago.
Once a wise individual said, God will not permit any troubles to come upon us, unless He has a specific plan by which great blessing can come out of the difficulty.
Once a wise individual said, Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth.
Once a wise individual said, I am thankful I can see much to admire in all religions.
Once a wise individual said, I didn't really see the British punk movement, if that's what it was, as wildly original, because I had been listening so intently to all the New York music since 1973, really.
Once a wise individual said, I also learned to be more confident, to trust my instincts more.
Once a wise individual said, I don't have the insight with the Longhorns that I do with the two teams that I own, but as a fan and reading the sports pages, I'm bullish about the Longhorns.
Once a wise individual said, I think that the majority of messages are validating messages to confirm the survival of conscious. And many times that validation message is negative or sad.
Once a wise individual said, The downfall of the industry seems to actually be good for art. I think the industry will find their way once the focus shifts from its greed-based origins, downsizes, and begins to support creative visions that speak to our times and shifting ideals.
Once a wise individual said, Go on failing. Go on. Only next time, try to fail better.
Once a wise individual said, As human beings, we are vulnerable to confusing the unprecedented with the improbable. In our everyday experience, if something has never happened before, we are generally safe in assuming it is not going to happen in the future, but the exceptions can kill you and climate change is one of those exceptions.
Once a wise individual said, I tend to go for women with common sense. Being down to earth stands out more than looks.
Once a wise individual said, Touring is tough. You're almost in a haze because you don't really know where you are half the time: You're in a hotel room one moment, and the next thing you know, you're onstage performing for 60,000 people, then you're back on an airplane. It's very hectic and I couldn't do it without my family.
Once a wise individual said, I guess rumors are more exciting than the truth.
Once a wise individual said, We should conceive of ourselves not as rulers of Earth, but as highly powerful, conscious stewards: The Earth is given to us in trust, and we can screw it up or make it work well and sustainably.
Once a wise individual said, It is Homer who has chiefly taught other poets the art of telling lies skillfully.
Once a wise individual said, The most violent element in society is ignorance.
Once a wise individual said, To know oneself, one should assert oneself.
Once a wise individual said, Just as the soul fills the body, so God fills the world. Just as the soul bears the body, so God endures the world. Just as the soul sees but is not seen, so God sees but is not seen. Just as the soul feeds the body, so God gives food to the world.
Once a wise individual said, I quit high school on my birthday. It was my senior year and I didn't see the point. This was 1962, and I was ready to make music.
Once a wise individual said, My mom's hot. I mean she's old, but my mom's out of control.
Once a wise individual said, The best thinking has been done in solitude. The worst has been done in turmoil.
Once a wise individual said, The concept of two people living together for 25 years without a serious dispute suggests a lack of spirit only to be admired in sheep.
Once a wise individual said, People confuse goodness with weakness. It is weak people, not good people (goodness demands strength), who are taken advantage of.
Once a wise individual said, Dreams have as much influence as actions.
Once a wise individual said, Even in this day and age, if you're not married, there are people who are like, 'Awww! Don't worry, it'll happen for you someday.'
Once a wise individual said, I was a very undisciplined person but acting was something that actually motivated me to get up in the morning. I hadn't experienced that before, but it was something that really excited me. I think I could be quite self-conscious and it gave me a release.
Once a wise individual said, People have accused me of being in favor of globalization. This is equivalent to accusing me of being in favor of the sun rising in the morning.
Once a wise individual said, Next in importance to freedom and justice is popular education, without which neither freedom nor justice can be permanently maintained.
Once a wise individual said, If a person is homosexual by nature - that is, if one's sexuality is as intrinsic a part of one's identity as gender or skin color - then society can no more deny a gay person access to the secular rights and religious sacraments because of his homosexuality than it can reinstate Jim Crow.
Once a wise individual said, I finished high school, moved to Nashville for college, and set out to break into the music business. Every night when I called home with news of my experiences, my mom and dad would encourage me to keep taking those small steps.
Once a wise individual said, When I was in high school, my friends and I would drive out into the country to abandoned houses and structures... haha... to ghost hunt. We would scare each other so bad! We would sometimes camp out by the abandoned buildings just to scare ourselves! Such good times. The adrenaline of real fear is so cool!
Once a wise individual said, God expects from men something more than at such times, and that it were much to be wished for the credit of their religion as well as the satisfaction of their conscience that their Easter devotions would in some measure come up to their Easter dress.
Once a wise individual said, After all, it is the divinity within that makes the divinity without and I have been more fascinated by a woman of talent and intelligence, though deficient in personal charms, than I have been by the most regular beauty.
Once a wise individual said, Well, I have a CBE and I accepted it with glee because it's not bestowed on you by the royal family, it's not bestowed on you by the government, you have to be nominated by the public.
Once a wise individual said, It's a great thing when you can show that you've been successful and that you've made a lot of money and that you've employed a lot of people.
Once a wise individual said, As a partner in a firm full of women who work outside of the home as well as stay at home mothers, all with plenty of children, gender equality is not a talking point for me. It is an issue I live every day.
Once a wise individual said, I am very rich because of 'Chic' - artistically as well as spiritually. It's been an amazing life.
Once a wise individual said, I had a classic gym teacher in junior high who wore a weightlifter's belt all the time.
Once a wise individual said, That a marriage ends is less than ideal but all things end under heaven, and if temporality is held to be invalidating, then nothing real succeeds.
Once a wise individual said, Every time I make American film I just trust American directors and American writers.
Once a wise individual said, The U.S. Armed Forces are the best trained, best equipped fighting forces in the world.
Once a wise individual said, Deliberately seek opportunities for kindness, sympathy, and patience.
Once a wise individual said, And we love to dance, especially that new one called the Civil War Twist. The Northern part of you stands still while the Southern part tries to secede.
Once a wise individual said, We must depend upon the Boy Scout Movement to produce the MEN of the future.
Once a wise individual said, Beauty, sweet love, is like the morning dew, Whose short refresh upon tender green, Cheers for a time, but till the sun doth show And straight is gone, as it had never been.
Once a wise individual said, If your goal is to be the biggest movie star in the world, a 10-movie contract is gold. It was never my goal. Up until now, I made movies - and I have a nice house, a nice car. I'm fortunate, happy and grateful. Life is good.
Once a wise individual said, Everybody hangs out with everybody, which is very strange for a cast this large and this young. We're all cool and down to earth and not caught up in this maniacal business at all... . Everybody really, really likes everybody else.
Once a wise individual said, Today we're focused on small acquisitions to add technology where necessary. I think it's fair to say we're not out looking for a large one, but I think it's also very fair to say that as a public company you can never say never.
Once a wise individual said, The solid, middle-class values of hard work, responsibility, family, community, and faith my father talked about tirelessly from Iowa to New York, he lived at home. The hopes he had for his family and for me, he had for all Americans. I think Americans understood this.
Once a wise individual said, I bless God for this retirement: I never was more thankful for any thing than I have been of late for the necessity I am under of self-denial in many respects.
Once a wise individual said, The upward course of a nation's history is due in the long run to the soundness of heart of its average men and women.
Once a wise individual said, You know, Stephen says, in the movies no one ever goes to the bathroom. They shave, they brush their teeth. He goes right at this sort of funny taboo we have about the bathroom, and he turned it into this nightmare, you know, your worst fear of what's in there.
Once a wise individual said, It's never been my purpose to become an American icon, or more famous or richer.
Once a wise individual said, When I tour, it's like, well, like a food tour as much as a comedy tour. I try to eat at all the weird places, the obscure barbecue joints, burger places. There are a few spots in L.A. that I'm obsessed with - one of them is the Taco Zone taco truck on Alvarado. There are secret off-menu items that are amazing.
Once a wise individual said, If religion had a good purpose, then man would have created something great. But we're man: we mess up everything. We mess up nature. We mess up God. We take what is given to us and make it into what we think it should be.
Once a wise individual said, Man is fond of counting his troubles, but he does not count his joys. If he counted them up as he ought to, he would see that every lot has enough happiness provided for it.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not convinced that women have the education or the sense of their own history enough or that they understand the cruelty of which men are capable and the delight that many men will take in seeing you choose to chain yourself - then they get to say 'See, you did it yourself.'
Once a wise individual said, I have never been jealous. Not even when my dad finished fifth grade a year before I did.
Once a wise individual said, I've got to keep breathing. It'll be my worst business mistake if I don't.
Once a wise individual said, Virtue alone has majesty in death.
Once a wise individual said, There's a really unique relationship between a single parent and their child. Marriages so easily break up. There's kind of this temporary deal about marriages. That's one of the things that makes it stressful, and that's something that's nonexistent in a parent-child relationship.
Once a wise individual said, From Caesar's legions to the Napoleonic wars. From the Reformation, the Enlightenment and the industrial revolution to the defeat of nazism. We have helped to write European history, and Europe has helped write ours.
Once a wise individual said, We have no problems with Jews and highly respect Judaism as a holy religion.
Once a wise individual said, Cajun is country food by farmers and fisherman that arrived in Louisiana from Acadiana, Canada.
Once a wise individual said, Nature makes woman to be won and men to win.
Once a wise individual said, We not only have a legal obligation to honor our commitments, we have a moral obligation to provide the coverage we promised to provide to these people.
Once a wise individual said, Surrealism had a great effect on me because then I realised that the imagery in my mind wasn't insanity. Surrealism to me is reality.
Once a wise individual said, The difference in the education of men and women must give the former great advantages over the latter, even where geniuses are equal.
Once a wise individual said, Under all speech that is good for anything there lies a silence that is better, Silence is deep as Eternity speech is shallow as Time.
Once a wise individual said, I have so much respect for my mom and all the women across the world.
Once a wise individual said, Each blade of grass has its spot on earth whence it draws its life, its strength and so is man rooted to the land from which he draws his faith together with his life.
Once a wise individual said, Well, I had a lot of help from my father with the soldering and so on, and he was very good at math and was fascinated with computers, and so I was fortunate enough to have a bunch of exposure going all the way back to high school - this was in the 1960s.
Once a wise individual said, In the late 1990s, some of the worst terrorist atrocities in the world were what the Turkish government itself called state terror, namely massive atrocities, 80 percent of the arms coming from the United States, millions of refugees, tens of thousands of people killed, hideous repression, that's international terror, and we can go on and on.
Once a wise individual said, You can construct the character of a man and his age not only from what he does and says, but from what he fails to say and do.
Once a wise individual said, It is not clear that intelligence has any long-term survival value.
Once a wise individual said, People think I take some sort of masochistic pleasure out of putting out music that's gonna be unpopular.
Once a wise individual said, I think that some books are more successful than others to certain readers. People who read my books for the humor, they're going to love one book. People who read my books for the mystery, they might not like that book quite as much.
Once a wise individual said, Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some hire public relations officers.
Once a wise individual said, I was a 16-year-old girl at one point, so of course I wrote poetry.
Once a wise individual said, Words and pictures can work together to communicate more powerfully than either alone.
Once a wise individual said, Forgiveness is the needle that knows how to mend.
Once a wise individual said, I believe that if one always looked at the skies, one would end up with wings.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of movies were influenced by 'Logan's Run,' like 'Minority Report'. A lot of films have those elements in them.
Once a wise individual said, For me, I am left leaning when it comes to health and education, on the right when it comes to defense. So I don't know where I come on the political spectrum. And I think this the challenge that a lot of Jordanians have to deal with.
Once a wise individual said, What is uttered from the heart alone, Will win the hearts of others to your own.
Once a wise individual said, It is in his knowledge that man has found his greatness and his happiness, the high superiority which he holds over the other animals who inhabit the earth with him, and consequently no ignorance is probably without loss to him, no error without evil.
Once a wise individual said, My daily beauty regimen is definitely always in the mornings, and at night, always washing my face with a basic cleanser. I also use a moisturizer with SPF to follow up.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage: A word which should be pronounced 'mirage'.
Once a wise individual said, To withdraw is not to run away, and to stay is no wise action, when there's more reason to fear than to hope.
Once a wise individual said, What is past is past, there is a future left to all men, who have the virtue to repent and the energy to atone.
Once a wise individual said, Those who wish well to the State ought to choose to places of trust men of inward principle, justified by exemplary conversation.
Once a wise individual said, Time has a way of demonstrating that the most stubborn are the most intelligent.
Once a wise individual said, No great thing is created suddenly.
Once a wise individual said, I live in, literally, the same home when I was swiping my first bank card and wondering if I'd have to put back the Charmin. We still don't have a dishwasher. My mom has done all these gardens so now my house looks like the garden shack in the middle of Versailles.
Once a wise individual said, Music is at once the product of feeling and knowledge, for it requires from its disciples, composers and performers alike, not only talent and enthusiasm, but also that knowledge and perception which are the result of protracted study and reflection.
Once a wise individual said, We know evolution happened because innumerable bits of data from myriad fields of science conjoin to paint a rich portrait of life's pilgrimage.
Once a wise individual said, The best revenge in the world is success.
Once a wise individual said, Equal pay isn't just a women's issue when women get equal pay, their family incomes rise and the whole family benefits.
Once a wise individual said, Why be a man when you can be a success?
Once a wise individual said, As the proud father of two teens and past Chairman to the Presidents Council on Physical Fitness and Sports, I am committed to educating parents and especially young people on ways to live a long, healthy and active life.
Once a wise individual said, Paris is always a good idea.
Once a wise individual said, Communism has decided against God, against Christ, against the Bible, and against all religion.
Once a wise individual said, I took the process of doing as much myself as I could like a duck to water. I set up my own label and publishing, etc, and it was a fun learning curve two decades ago.
Once a wise individual said, There is no 'need' for us to eat meat, dairy or eggs. Indeed, these foods are increasingly linked to various human diseases and animal agriculture is an environmental disaster for the planet.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is a beautiful way of spoiling prose, and the laborious art of exchanging plain sense for harmony.
Once a wise individual said, If, then, faith widens the connections, it elevates the man.
Once a wise individual said, I have devoted much time and energy to helping medical physics in developing countries.
Once a wise individual said, It's not what you pay a man, but what he costs you that counts.
Once a wise individual said, The good man is the friend of all living things.
Once a wise individual said, I think you can judge from somebody's actions a kind of a stability and sense of purpose perhaps created by strong religious roots. I mean, there's a certain patience, a certain discipline, I think, that religion helps you achieve.
Once a wise individual said, I don't believe you can find any evidence of the fact that I have changed government policy solely because of a contribution.
Once a wise individual said, The sheep-people don't think for themselves anymore. You can say anything and it's the gospel truth and they don't have to go research it or anything, and they believe everything the news tells them. People don't go and do their own investigations if it's relationships or politics or anything.
Once a wise individual said, Luck marches with those who give their very best.
Once a wise individual said, There are no dreams too large, no innovation unimaginable and no frontiers beyond our reach.
Once a wise individual said, By and large, language is a tool for concealing the truth.
Once a wise individual said, If money help a man to do good to others, it is of some value but if not, it is simply a mass of evil, and the sooner it is got rid of, the better.
Once a wise individual said, I love European movies and I kind of grew up on European films.
Once a wise individual said, Learn from your dreams what you lack.
Once a wise individual said, A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
Once a wise individual said, Light is the symbol of truth.
Once a wise individual said, The friend in my adversity I shall always cherish most. I can better trust those who helped to relieve the gloom of my dark hours than those who are so ready to enjoy with me the sunshine of my prosperity.
Once a wise individual said, Just learning to think in another language allows you to see your own culture in a better viewpoint.
Once a wise individual said, Do more than is required. What is the distance between someone who achieves their goals consistently and those who spend their lives and careers merely following? The extra mile.
Once a wise individual said, It is art that makes life, makes interest, makes importance and I know of no substitute whatever for the force and beauty of its process.
Once a wise individual said, And in reality, I don't think it's a real documentary. It's more a story of her life. It's a story of survival. It's a story of the time in which she lived. The story of success and failure.
Once a wise individual said, I don't know why someone else's marriage has anything to do with me.
Once a wise individual said, Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a great ship.
Once a wise individual said, The mystic purchases a moment of exhilaration with a lifetime of confusion and the confusion is infectious and destructive. It is confusing and destructive to try and explain anything in terms of anything else, poetry in terms of psychology.
Once a wise individual said, I guess you could say I devoted myself so strongly to my music that for awhile I forgot about my family. But I only get one set of parents, and I think I forgot about that for a little while.
Once a wise individual said, It doesn't matter about money having it, not having it. Or having clothes, or not having them. You're still left alone with yourself in the end.
Once a wise individual said, Death is softer by far than tyranny.
Once a wise individual said, Complexity is one of the great problems in environmental design.
Once a wise individual said, I remember straightening my hair because I wanted to be like everybody else, and now the fact that anybody would emulate what I do? It's just funny.
Once a wise individual said, When I saw all those other drivers, I realized that they wanted to win that money just as much as I did. But I didn't have to worry. A tire came off my car and I was lucky I got it off the track.
Once a wise individual said, Good men must not obey the laws too well.
Once a wise individual said, Faith is deliberate confidence in the character of God whose ways you may not understand at the time.
Once a wise individual said, Music is the effort we make to explain to ourselves how our brains work. We listen to Bach transfixed because this is listening to a human mind.
Once a wise individual said, I really believe that beauty comes from health - sensible eating and exercise.
Once a wise individual said, While gossip among women is universally ridiculed as low and trivial, gossip among men, especially if it is about women, is called theory, or idea, or fact.
Once a wise individual said, I really don't like talking about money. All I can say is that the Good Lord must have wanted me to have it.
Once a wise individual said, After it is all over, the religion of man is his most important possession.
Once a wise individual said, A bell's not a bell 'til you ring it, A song's not a song 'til you sing it, Love in your heart wasn't put there to stay, Love isn't love 'til you give it away!
Once a wise individual said, On long haul flights I always drink loads and loads of water and eat light and healthy food.
Once a wise individual said, I will never use a substitute for butter. Margarine is one molecule away from eating plastic. If I'm going to eat that type of food, it's going to be the real deal.
Once a wise individual said, Change is certain. Peace is followed by disturbances departure of evil men by their return. Such recurrences should not constitute occasions for sadness but realities for awareness, so that one may be happy in the interim.
Once a wise individual said, This is no time for ease and comfort. It is time to dare and endure.
Once a wise individual said, Linda Georgian is a wonderful psychic. She can do amazing things.
Once a wise individual said, I was surrounded by nature and trying to come to terms with this blissful nature versus the inhumane mentality of war. People were being deluded by someone using the word peace.
Once a wise individual said, I try to make an album that reflects what I love about country music. It's not just all about happy parties all the time. There are some sad songs.
Once a wise individual said, I have always said I will be in politics to serve as best as I can and it will take me wherever it will take me.
Once a wise individual said, A monopoly on the means of communication may define a ruling elite more precisely than the celebrated Marxian formula of monopoly in the means of production.
Once a wise individual said, Anarchism is the great liberator of man from the phantoms that have held him captive it is the arbiter and pacifier of the two forces for individual and social harmony.
Once a wise individual said, I never attempt to make money on the stock market. I buy on the assumption that they could close the market the next day and not reopen it for five years.
Once a wise individual said, Flowers are the sweetest things God ever made and forgot to put a soul into.
Once a wise individual said, You've got to watch the politics of AIDS. The politics of AIDS can work both for and against the victims of AIDS.
Once a wise individual said, To feel much for others and little for ourselves to restrain our selfishness and exercise our benevolent affections, constitute the perfection of human nature.
Once a wise individual said, It's a lot easier to do good work when you have good words to say and work with good people.
Once a wise individual said, As an actor, you just want to work, and then you just want to be on a show or have a job that you love, and you hope that job will last - those things have happened. To have that platform to then talk about something that is very personal to me like marriage equality, it feels like a gift. I try and really respect that voice and not abuse it.
Once a wise individual said, There is nothing, Sir, too little for so little a creature as man. It is by studying little things that we attain the great art of having as little misery and as much happiness as possible.
Once a wise individual said, Love is much nicer to be in than an automobile accident, a tight girdle, a higher tax bracket or a holding pattern over Philadelphia.
Once a wise individual said, The bell that tolls for all in boxing belongs to a cash register.
Once a wise individual said, Men seldom, or rather never for a length of time and deliberately, rebel against anything that does not deserve rebelling against.
Once a wise individual said, The said truth is that it is the greatest happiness of the greatest number that is the measure of right and wrong.
Once a wise individual said, I have two homes in Malibu, a home in Canada that I'm building, and I just love pouring my heart out into this part of my life.
Once a wise individual said, The intellectual property situation is bad and getting worse. To be a programmer, it requires that you understand as much law as you do technology.
Once a wise individual said, I learned about the market's power when I was traded to the Buffalo Bills for $100.
Once a wise individual said, Then not only custom, but also nature affirms that to do is more disgraceful than to suffer injustice, and that justice is equality.
Once a wise individual said, My favorite fruit is grapes. Because with grapes, you always get another chance. 'Cause, you know, if you have a crappy apple or a peach, you're stuck with that crappy piece of fruit. But if you have a crappy grape, no problem - just move on to the next. 'Grapes: The Fruit of Hope.'
Once a wise individual said, Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one Helen Keller is the other.
Once a wise individual said, I have a theory and I really believe it. I think your worst weakness can become your greatest single strength.
Once a wise individual said, Environmental quality was drastically improved while economic activity grew by the simple expedient of removing lead from gasoline - which prevented it from entering the environment.
Once a wise individual said, You can't win unless you learn how to lose.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage can be viewed as the waiting room for death.
Once a wise individual said, At the last Celebration I spoke before an auditorium full of people and I could just feel the affection and the positive feelings that they were exuding. It was actually moving. I remember thinking, 'I'm not worthy,' because 'Star Wars' is so much bigger than all of us.
Once a wise individual said, As a kid, I did want to be an old-timer, since they were the ones with the big stories and the cool clothes. I wanted to go there. Now, I guess I want to bring that with me and go back in time.
Once a wise individual said, Know then this truth, enough for man to know virtue alone is happiness below.
Once a wise individual said, It is art that makes life, makes interest, makes importance and I know of no substitute whatever for the force and beauty of its process.
Once a wise individual said, We now live in a world where the only thing to have is success, but failure is marvelous. It's fertiliser, it's like living fertiliser, because you're forced on yourself.
Once a wise individual said, I feel like my work has been my path to freedom from having grown up in a segregated environment.
Once a wise individual said, Kids are brought into show business because they are cute and see truth and they're very bright. But there's a sense of doing it because you want the adults to be approving of you. You want to make them happy.
Once a wise individual said, I never trust anything that can be captured in 2 takes.
Once a wise individual said, Be careful to leave your sons well instructed rather than rich, for the hopes of the instructed are better than the wealth of the ignorant.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a total control freak and love to participate in the design of every single aspect of life.
Once a wise individual said, I loved to get all dusty and ride horses and plant potatoes and cotton.
Once a wise individual said, The reserve of modern assertions is sometimes pushed to extremes, in which the fear of being contradicted leads the writer to strip himself of almost all sense and meaning.
Once a wise individual said, If we talk about the environment, for example, we have to talk about environmental racism - about the fact that kids in South Central Los Angeles have a third of the lung capacity of kids in Santa Monica.
Once a wise individual said, I really enjoy theater. I just went to see 'Death of a Salesman,' and it knocked me on my ass.
Once a wise individual said, My brother Bob doesn't want to be in government - he promised Dad he'd go straight.
Once a wise individual said, Celebrity gives us delusion of self importance.
Once a wise individual said, I believe it's time that women truly owned their superpowers and used their beauty and strength to change the world around them.
Once a wise individual said, I certainly don't want a child of mine to be famous, or anyone I was very close to who isn't yet... It's the worst thing to be trapped in your house not be able to leave.
Once a wise individual said, I definitely I prefer to sing in the car. I don't sing in the shower, maybe its because that's the one time I don't need to talk to anyone so I should just shut up, otherwise I'm just, you know, jibber jabber.
Once a wise individual said, The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is.
Once a wise individual said, The twentieth century has exhibited a barbarism and lack of respect for human life on a massive scale just about unknown before.
Once a wise individual said, I think of my peace paintings as one long poem, with each painting being a single stanza.
Once a wise individual said, I think beauty comes from within, and society paints a ridiculous picture.
Once a wise individual said, There has been a time on earth when poets had been young and dead and famous - and were men. But now the poet as the tragic child of grandeur and destiny had changed. The child of genius was a woman, now, and the man was gone.
Once a wise individual said, Even in the former Soviet Union, they have good copies of my movies.
Once a wise individual said, Health reform is an essential part of restoring America's economy and maintaining our competitiveness.
Once a wise individual said, Success is the sum of small efforts - repeated day in and day out.
Once a wise individual said, There is no hope unmingled with fear, and no fear unmingled with hope.
Once a wise individual said, I have grown up but that should be a positive thing. When you look at a photo album it's lovely to remember being so young but it's also good to know you grew up!
Once a wise individual said, Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
Once a wise individual said, The ultimate ground of faith and knowledge is confidence in God.
Once a wise individual said, I call architecture frozen music.
Once a wise individual said, There were points in my life where I felt oddly irresistible to women. I'm not in that state now and that makes me sad.
Once a wise individual said, I focus on the writing and let the rest of the process take care of itself. I've learned to trust my own instincts and I've also learned to take risks.
Once a wise individual said, As far as the men who are running for president are concerned, they aren't even people I would date.
Once a wise individual said, Peace is not absence of conflict, it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means.
Once a wise individual said, Music when healthy, is the teacher of perfect order, and when depraved, the teacher of perfect disorder.
Once a wise individual said, God isn't compatible with machinery and scientific medicine and universal happiness. You must make your choice. Our civilization has chosen machinery and medicine and happiness.
Once a wise individual said, My imagination is my polestar I steer by that.
Once a wise individual said, Just when I think I have learned the way to live, life changes.
Once a wise individual said, I'm willing to make compromises based on someone I think is the one, but I think it's psychologically important to people when they're famous to be the only famous person they know.
Once a wise individual said, The more I see of the representatives of the people, the more I admire my dogs.
Once a wise individual said, Without an open-minded mind, you can never be a great success.
Once a wise individual said, The United Nations four or five years ago put out a study that said the meat industry, meat-eating, growing meat for food is the No. 1 killer of our planet - not No. 2 or No. 3: No 1. You know what's No. 2? Transportation. Everyone thinks that No. 1 is transportation, and goes out and buys a hybrid car. Screw the hybrid cars. Don't eat hamburgers.
Once a wise individual said, It is not enough to have a good mind the main thing is to use it well.
Once a wise individual said, I remember the time I was kidnapped and they sent a piece of my finger to my father. He said he wanted more proof.
Once a wise individual said, The stability and peace which seemed to be so firmly established by the brilliant monarchy of Francis I vanished with the terrible outbreak of the Wars of Religion.
Once a wise individual said, Those who lack the courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.
Once a wise individual said, What counts in Hollywood is box office. It doesn't really matter what people think of you as an actor because, as long as you have been in a movie that has made money, you will always get another job.
Once a wise individual said, And gradually they're beginning to recognize the fact that there's nothing more secure than a democratic, accountable, and participatory form of government. But it's sunk in only theoretically, it has not yet sunk in completely in practical terms.
Once a wise individual said, I sort of always had an inkling towards some kind of an art form. I grew up in a very small town, and I just figure-skated. My dad played hockey and I was surrounded by sports, but it wasn't quite doing it for me. I wasn't totally fulfilled, and I did a lot of skating.
Once a wise individual said, I am encouraged that there's going to be much better dialogue between the federal government and the state of Arizona. I mean, I hope that's not wishful thinking.
Once a wise individual said, So much of my aesthetic was formed by my dad.
Once a wise individual said, Forgiveness is God's command.
Once a wise individual said, Those in the west who dismiss the repressiveness of laws against women in countries like Iran, no matter how benign their intentions, present a condescending view not just of the religion but also of women living in Muslim majority countries, as if the desire for choice and happiness is the monopoly of women in the west.
Once a wise individual said, In securing the future of the planet, we secure happiness for ourselves. One of the aims of the Greens is to turn around the tide of pessimism amongst the young people of the world.
Once a wise individual said, Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.
Once a wise individual said, Seven presidents before him - Democrats and Republicans - tried to expand health care to all Americans. President Obama got it done.
Once a wise individual said, I have a five year-old son and a three year-old daughter. I want my son to have a choice to contribute fully in the workforce or at home. And I want my daughter to have the choice to not just succeed, but to be liked for her accomplishments.
Once a wise individual said, I'd like to talk about free markets. Information in the computer age is the last genuine free market left on earth except those free markets where indigenous people are still surviving. And that's basically becoming limited.
Once a wise individual said, Science knows no country, because knowledge belongs to humanity, and is the torch which illuminates the world. Science is the highest personification of the nation because that nation will remain the first which carries the furthest the works of thought and intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, I have found it advisable not to give too much heed to what people say when I am trying to accomplish something of consequence. Invariably they proclaim it can't be done. I deem that the very best time to make the effort.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of fun stuff happens when you go out on a bike compared to when you're in a car. You're more in the environment. It's enjoyable. Even when It's raining It's still fun.
Once a wise individual said, After a century of striving, after a year of debate, after a historic vote, health care reform is no longer an unmet promise. It is the law of the land.
Once a wise individual said, The commonality between science and art is in trying to see profoundly - to develop strategies of seeing and showing.
Once a wise individual said, We expect all our businesses to have a positive impact on our top and bottom lines. Profitability is very important to us or we wouldn't be in this business.
Once a wise individual said, Our best successes often come after our greatest disappointments.
Once a wise individual said, I believe that every role that I have done this far has had quality and content. My roles have been very demanding and every role has been a challenge and a learning experience that has helped me mature as an actress.
Once a wise individual said, Unjust. How many times I've used that word, scolded myself with it. All I mean by it now is that I don't have the final courage to say that I refuse to preside over violations against myself, and to hell with justice.
Once a wise individual said, But I was very, very lucky, and it was a wake up call as far as motorbikes are concerned. I never flirted with death on the bike, but now I'm totally convinced they're death machines.
Once a wise individual said, It's funny, I can sit through the worst horror film ever made but even a quite good romantic comedy can drive me nuts.
Once a wise individual said, Success turns a lot of people off. I have a pretty solid sense of joy and respect that irritates people, and can irritate me, too.
Once a wise individual said, When I was trying to impress Kate I was trying to cook these amazing fancy dinners and what would happen was I would burn something, something would overspill, something would catch on fire and she would be sitting in the background trying to help, and basically taking control of the whole situation, so I was quite glad she was there at the time.
Once a wise individual said, I would hope everyone would be a feminist.
Once a wise individual said, A good government may, indeed, redress the grievances of an injured people but a strong people can alone build up a great nation.
Once a wise individual said, I don't care what people say about my relationship I don't care what they say about my boobs. People are buying my songs I have a sold-out tour. I'm getting incredible feedback from my music.
Once a wise individual said, I'd like to one day be featured on a list of inspirational people who have made a difference in the world, whether it be helping underprivileged people or putting an end to the poaching of wildlife in Africa.
Once a wise individual said, I know, to banish anger altogether from one's breast is a difficult task. It cannot be achieved through pure personal effort. It can be done only by God's grace.
Once a wise individual said, If a State has reliable scientific information that demonstrates that a warning is needed for a particular food, then in the interest of public health, it should share that information with the FDA and petition for a new national standard.
Once a wise individual said, The people who are doing the work are the moving force behind the Macintosh. My job is to create a space for them, to clear out the rest of the organization and keep it at bay.
Once a wise individual said, I want to stay away from politics, or else I'll probably end up putting my size fifteen foot into my mouth.
Once a wise individual said, What if you threw a protest and no one showed up? The lack of angst and anger and emotion is a big positive.
Once a wise individual said, One often makes music to supplement one's world.
Once a wise individual said, When I was playing before I retired, I never really understood the appreciation and the respect that people gave me. People had treated me like a god or something, and that was very embarrassing.
Once a wise individual said, A market is never saturated with a good product, but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one.
Once a wise individual said, I suppose I am a frustrated musician so I annoy my family by playing guitar in the house. I used to be into acoustic stuff but my son Joseph is learning drums, so now I have an electric guitar and we play Metallica. We have an amp and a PA in the garage with his drum kit.
Once a wise individual said, Habaneros have a great fruity flavor, but the challenge is that you have to deflect the heat in order to taste the flavor. If you don't, you're dead. They should really have a warning sign on them. Deflect the habanero's heat by pairing it with sweet food.
Once a wise individual said, I am a type-2 diabetic, and they took me off medication simply because I ate right and exercised. Diabetes is not like a cancer, where you go in for chemo and radiation. You can change a lot through a basic changing of habits.
Once a wise individual said, Without music, life would be a mistake.
Once a wise individual said, God moves in a mysterious way, His wonders to perform. He plants his footsteps in the sea, and rides upon the storm.
Once a wise individual said, The knowledge of anything, since all things have causes, is not acquired or complete unless it is known by its causes.
Once a wise individual said, I was born in Corpus Christi, Texas, the youngest of four girls, including my oldest sister, Lisa, who has special needs. My mom was a special education teacher, and my dad worked on the Army base. We weren't wealthy, but we were determined to succeed.
Once a wise individual said, I decided that if I could paint that flower in a huge scale, you could not ignore its beauty.
Once a wise individual said, My mom took me to see Carnal Knowledge and The Wild Bunch and all these kind of movies when I was a kid.
Once a wise individual said, I have to make it my job to be careful with my family.
Once a wise individual said, I do respect people's faith, but I don't respect their manipulation of that faith in order to create fear and control.
Once a wise individual said, Put your nose into the Bible everyday. It is your spiritual food. And then share it. Make a vow not to be a lukewarm Christian.
Once a wise individual said, Beauty is our weapon against nature by it we make objects, giving them limit, symmetry, proportion. Beauty halts and freezes the melting flux of nature.
Once a wise individual said, And really, the basis, I think, of achieving some success in what I want to do today comes from my mother's push to get me to read and to make something of myself from the standpoint of an education.
Once a wise individual said, The object of all the former voyages to the South Seas undertaken by the command of his present majesty, has been the advancement of science and the increase of knowledge.
Once a wise individual said, By far my most perilous assignment was covering a tank car explosion.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness is the natural flower of duty.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think I could live without hair, makeup and styling, let alone be the performer I am. I am a glamour girl through and through. I believe in the glamorous life and I live one.
Once a wise individual said, Our goal is to make finance the servant, not the master, of the real economy.
Once a wise individual said, Beauty attracts us men but if, like an armed magnet it is pointed, beside, with gold and silver, it attracts with tenfold power.
Once a wise individual said, Friendship is something that creates equality and mutuality, not a reward for finding equality or a way of intensifying existing mutuality.
Once a wise individual said, When a man has lost all happiness, he's not alive. Call him a breathing corpse.
Once a wise individual said, I am imagination. I can see what the eyes cannot see. I can hear what the ears cannot hear. I can feel what the heart cannot feel.
Once a wise individual said, If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
Once a wise individual said, I guess what I learned the most was to feel lucky with what I have been able to accomplish and what I have and to feel humble about the people I have been able to work with.
Once a wise individual said, I buy about $1,500 worth of papers every month. Not that I trust them. I'm looking for the crack in the fabric.
Once a wise individual said, An athlete cannot run with money in his pockets. He must run with hope in his heart and dreams in his head.
Once a wise individual said, Let us take things as we find them: let us not attempt to distort them into what they are not... We cannot make facts. All our wishing cannot change them. We must use them.
Once a wise individual said, On the other hand, when I give it closer thought, I realize I'm not enough of a dictator to conduct an orchestra because it requires a pretty awful person. When you read these biographies of famous conductors, they are all awful people who fail in their private relationships.
Once a wise individual said, The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.
Once a wise individual said, I don't do marriage. I think it's incredibly naff. And I don't like vulgar displays of ostentation.
Once a wise individual said, Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable.
Once a wise individual said, What we know is that Shakespeare wrote perhaps the most remarkable body of passionate love poetry in the English language to a young man.
Once a wise individual said, Fame does lead to money, which I don't have a close relationship with. I'm the kind of guy who never sees the money - it all goes somewhere else. I don't understand it, I don't like to deal with it. I have a fear of not having it, because I grew up without it.
Once a wise individual said, The differences between friends cannot but reinforce their friendship.
Once a wise individual said, It's funny that there was so much disturbance about having a Catholic in the White House with Kennedy, and when we finally get a religion in the White House that's causing a lot of conflicts, and concerns, and disturbances for a lot of people, it's in the Bush Administration.
Once a wise individual said, Creative people are notoriously the slowest to adopt new technology.
Once a wise individual said, They that have lived a single day have lived an age.
Once a wise individual said, A great deal of talent is lost to the world for want of a little courage. Every day sends to their graves obscure men whose timidity prevented them from making a first effort.
Once a wise individual said, I think it's realistic to have hope. One can be a perverse idealist and say the easiest thing: 'I despair. The world's no good.' That's a perverse idealist. It's practical to hope, because the hope is for us to survive as a human species. That's very realistic.
Once a wise individual said, He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends.
Once a wise individual said, There are only two lasting bequests we can hope to give our children. One of these is roots, the other, wings.
Once a wise individual said, The cheese board is my big treat at Christmas that I have to deny myself during the rest of year.
Once a wise individual said, I belong to a nation which over the past centuries has experienced many hardships and reverses. The world reacted with silence or with mere sympathy when Polish frontiers were crossed by invading armies and the sovereign state had to succumb to brutal force.
Once a wise individual said, Christmas can have a real melancholy aspect, 'cause it packages itself as this idea of perfect family cohesion and love, and you're always going to come up short when you measure your personal life against the idealized personal lives that are constantly thrust in our faces, primarily by TV commercials.
Once a wise individual said, You never quite know what's going to strike your imagination, or something that won't going to leave you alone, not going to leave alone, and this was one for me.
Once a wise individual said, You always hear people saying, 'I hope I'm not turning into my dad', but I'd be honoured if I became half as decent a bloke as he is.
Once a wise individual said, Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.
Once a wise individual said, It's the best marriage of songs and production. But I have to say, I have an affinity for Bossanova.
Once a wise individual said, Amateurism is the strongest form of discrimination in sports. Because it discriminates against the underprivileged, it discriminates against the poor. If we want sports to go back to the wealthy, let's make it amateur again.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage is the miracle that transforms a kiss from a pleasure into a duty.
Once a wise individual said, Female rappers get it the hardest. You have to be a girl, yet you have to be just as hard as the guys. I think some female rappers get scared out of the business before they can make it.
Once a wise individual said, I drink Diet Coke from the minute I get up to the minute I go to bed.
Once a wise individual said, Science fiction is any idea that occurs in the head and doesn't exist yet, but soon will, and will change everything for everybody, and nothing will ever be the same again. As soon as you have an idea that changes some small part of the world you are writing science fiction. It is always the art of the possible, never the impossible.
Once a wise individual said, If we're given a number of circumstances to deal with, the brain goes into this mode of trying to find a solution, and it's amazing how good we are at it.
Once a wise individual said, My dad and mom divorced when I was around ten, and I didn't live with him after that, though he was close by and we saw each other weekly. I wasn't really aware that he was a writer I didn't start reading his writing until I was about fifteen. It occurred to me then that my dad was kind of special he's still one of my favorite writers.
Once a wise individual said, If there is a God, atheism must seem to Him as less of an insult than religion.
Once a wise individual said, We must build dikes of courage to hold back the flood of fear.
Once a wise individual said, My father wasn't really involved and my mom is the light in my life.
Once a wise individual said, I got into acting my junior year of high school. We got a new hot drama teacher and I was like 'Alright, I'll try drama.'
Once a wise individual said, Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen.
Once a wise individual said, There is no self-knowledge but an historical one. No one knows what he himself is who does not know his fellow men, especially the most prominent one of the community, the master's master, the genius of the age.
Once a wise individual said, I woke up one morning thinking about wolves and realized that wolf packs function as families. Everyone has a role, and if you act within the parameters of your role, the whole pack succeeds, and when that falls apart, so does the pack.
Once a wise individual said, It's something I want to overcome. And my kids are scared to death to fly. I want them to witness me overcome it.
Once a wise individual said, History is filled with tragic examples of wars that result from diplomatic impasse. Whether in our local communities or in international relations, the skillful use of our communicative capacities to negotiate and resolve differences is the first evidence of human wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, We are witnessing an enormous shift of collective consciousness throughout the world. We are at the precipice of great transformation within our culture and government.
Once a wise individual said, Stewardesses are still paid so little that in many cases, new hires qualify for food stamps.
Once a wise individual said, I think that my leadership style is to get people to fear staying in place, to fear not changing.
Once a wise individual said, Apart from the fact that your physical ability starts to decline, I also think someone in their fifties being childlike becomes a little sad. You've got to be careful.
Once a wise individual said, First and foremost I am a commercial writer, and I hope to entertain people. But having said that, I'm in love with the relationship between humans and dogs, and the more I learned about what our military working dogs are doing, I wanted to at least share with people what an important role these animals have in all our lives.
Once a wise individual said, Life is like playing a violin solo in public and learning the instrument as one goes on.
Once a wise individual said, Always continue the climb. It is possible for you to do whatever you choose, if you first get to know who you are and are willing to work with a power that is greater than ourselves to do it.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes I think it would be easier to avoid old age, to die young, but then you'd never complete your life, would you? You'd never wholly know you.
Once a wise individual said, The flesh, alas, is sad, and I have read all the books.
Once a wise individual said, I've decided to run for the U.S. Senate because I believe Wisconsin families need a senator who will work hard to deliver results for the middle class - a leader with the courage to do what's right, no matter how tough the odds or how powerful the special interests we have to fight.
Once a wise individual said, Education is that whole system of human training within and without the school house walls, which molds and develops men.
Once a wise individual said, And know that I am with you always yes, to the end of time.
Once a wise individual said, My favorite play in drama school was 'The Bacchae.' It's about a king who literally gets eaten alive by all the women in the play in a kind of orgy - it's related to the word 'bacchanal' - and I loved that idea of animalistic chaos and following our own desires.
Once a wise individual said, I only know it takes weeks to recover, as if one had been in a car accident.
Once a wise individual said, Men are what their mothers made them.
Once a wise individual said, I've always been interested in the relationship between total external surround, culture, the political matrix, technology, etc., and the internal human consciousness.
Once a wise individual said, It's too bad that one has to conceive of sports as being the only arena where risks are, for all of life is risk exercise. That's the only way to live more freely, and more interestingly.
Once a wise individual said, God continues to work miracles in my life.
Once a wise individual said, That is ever the way. 'Tis all jealousy to the bride and good wishes to the corpse.
Once a wise individual said, Knowledge is power only if man knows what facts not to bother with.
Once a wise individual said, Women are not making it to the top. A hundred and ninety heads of state nine are women. Of all the people in parliament in the world, thirteen per cent are women. In the corporate sector, women at the top - C-level jobs, board seats - tops out at fifteen, sixteen per cent.
Once a wise individual said, Unlike a drop of water which loses its identity when it joins the ocean, man does not lose his being in the society in which he lives. Man's life is independent. He is born not for the development of the society alone, but for the development of his self.
Once a wise individual said, There's no damn business like show business - you have to smile to keep from throwing up.
Once a wise individual said, Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.
Once a wise individual said, I still believe that if your aim is to change the world, journalism is a more immediate short-term weapon.
Once a wise individual said, It was like in Samoa when they'd put up a movie screen on the beach and show movies and the locals would run behind the sheet to see where the people went. It was pretty grim.
Once a wise individual said, A global democracy works only when countries trust one another.
Once a wise individual said, To those of you who are wearing ties, I think my dad would appreciate it if you took them off.
Once a wise individual said, When I'm working, I'm very purposeful and everything else gets out of focus. Something I've had to work on together with my wife is how to acknowledge each other in the midst of this and keep the relationship going.
Once a wise individual said, There's also a certain rhythm to the way Jews talk that might be funny.
Once a wise individual said, I've been a fan of electronic music since the beginning.
Once a wise individual said, Virtues are acquired through endeavor, which rests wholly upon yourself.
Once a wise individual said, Remember, beneath every cynic there lies a romantic, and probably an injured one.
Once a wise individual said, Your expectations opens or closes the doors of your supply, If you expect grand things, and work honestly for them, they will come to you, your supply will correspond with your expectation.
Once a wise individual said, Websites are kind of useless. There's so much great web content and design out there, but the ways in which they are being experienced are not being maximized.
Once a wise individual said, I'm trying to knock the medical profession into accepting its responsibilities, and those responsibilities include assisting their patients with death.
Once a wise individual said, Three years after starting, by physically doing everything from raising the finance to special effects, we'd finally cobbled together our low budget film.
Once a wise individual said, In regard to education, something has been done by the Provincial Legislature but to build churches, and to place clergymen is a work of greater difficulty.
Once a wise individual said, I had said to some pastor that I was having thoughts, and the church turned on me. They went to my mom and said, So sorry about your son.
Once a wise individual said, I guess lyrically they're similar because they're talking about escaping the kind of misery that likes company. 'The Last One Alive,' for me, is very simple. It's just about alienation, really, that causes anger.
Once a wise individual said, I think a lot comes from having the experience of doing stand-up comedy. It allows you to figure out the psychology of an audience what things are funny and not.
Once a wise individual said, The beauty of jazz is that it's malleable. People are addressing it to suit their own personalities.
Once a wise individual said, It's an interesting combination: Having a great fear of being alone, and having a desperate need for solitude and the solitary experience. That's always been a tug of war for me.
Once a wise individual said, Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
Once a wise individual said, I had no idea that I would ever get involved with something like lending money to poor people, given the circumstances in which I was working in Bangladesh.
Once a wise individual said, There's no money in poetry, but then there's no poetry in money, either.
Once a wise individual said, What is Art? It is the response of man's creative soul to the call of the Real.
Once a wise individual said, Real love is a permanently self-enlarging experience.
Once a wise individual said, I come into the peace of wild things who do not tax their lives with forethought of grief... For a time I rest in the grace of the world, and am free.
Once a wise individual said, You don't stay married for thirty-nine years because of sex or even because of love, but because your partner is a real friend to you, because they respect and regard you.
Once a wise individual said, But my point is that you design something in the end that precludes any unhealthy trading practices that are not going to serve your environmental or your economic objectives but now is not the time to do it.
Once a wise individual said, There are just certain things that turn my head. It may be a girl's sense of humor, it may be her wit, or her belief system it could be a lot of different things.
Once a wise individual said, To help yourself, you must be yourself. Be the best that you can be. When you make a mistake, learn from it, pick yourself up and move on.
Once a wise individual said, I even knew some of the dialogue but it was definitely cool to look at. We always argue that the movies should be loyal but in this case I could argue that it might have been too loyal.
Once a wise individual said, I would say I was always very ambitious and goal-oriented, but rather than being just a go-getter hustler, now I surrender a lot more and I trust my path a lot more.
Once a wise individual said, Bad faith likes discourse on friendship and loyalty.
Once a wise individual said, Nature hath framed strange fellows in her time.
Once a wise individual said, I regard the theatre as the greatest of all art forms, the most immediate way in which a human being can share with another the sense of what it is to be a human being.
Once a wise individual said, Men shrink less from offending one who inspires love than one who inspires fear.
Once a wise individual said, Marriages are made in heaven and consummated on Earth.
Once a wise individual said, For 50 years, acting was the reason I got up in the morning.
Once a wise individual said, To me a lush carpet of pine needles or spongy grass is more welcome than the most luxurious Persian rug.
Once a wise individual said, Love does not dominate it cultivates.
Once a wise individual said, Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
Once a wise individual said, You can get too bogged down in technology and you can sort of forget what it is you were trying to do. And with the Pet Shop Boys it's primarily about the songs, it's about song writing.
Once a wise individual said, Some of us are interested in directors, but really the vast majority of us are interested in actors. You experience the films through the actors, so they're all locked into your imagination in some kind of layer of fantasy or hatred or wherever they settle into your imagination.
Once a wise individual said, It's cool when your husband starts to sing some old Merle Haggard song and I can pop in with a harmony and it doesn't sound too bad.
Once a wise individual said, The idea that maybe you don't have to own a car if you only need one occasionally may catch on, just like time-sharing caught on in real estate.
Once a wise individual said, You can study government and politics in school, but the best way to really understand the process is to volunteer your time.
Once a wise individual said, Man is made or unmade by himself. By the right choice he ascends. As a being of power, intelligence, and love, and the lord of his own thoughts, he holds the key to every situation.
Once a wise individual said, Mighty proud I am that I am able to have a spare bed for my friends.
Once a wise individual said, By the time I'm 40, interplanetary travel will be common. Nobody will want to talk to me at that age, anyway.
Once a wise individual said, And the heart that is soonest awake to the flowers is always the first to be touch'd by the thorns.
Once a wise individual said, If a dad does his job, we don't need prisons, we don't need jails. That's what I saw growing up.
Once a wise individual said, Love begins at home, and it is not how much we do... but how much love we put in that action.
Once a wise individual said, I understand the harsh feelings and sentiments from my opponents and their supporters because I myself have been defeated twice in my political life in the past and I understand very well it is hard to accept your own failure.
Once a wise individual said, A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea.
Once a wise individual said, When you focus on being a blessing, God makes sure that you are always blessed in abundance.
Once a wise individual said, One of my favorite things about 'Star Trek' wasn't just the overt banter but the humor in that show about the relationships between the main characters and their reactions to the situations they would face there was a lot of comedy in that show without ever breaking its reality.
Once a wise individual said, I think it's harder for people than it should be. But as more and more of us become carbon neutral and change the patterns in our lives to be part of the solution instead of part of the problem, we are now beginning to see the changes in policy that are needed.
Once a wise individual said, Jealousy is a dog's bark which attracts thieves.
Once a wise individual said, My daily schedule is quite hectic, but I have to put my health first in order to be the best mom and wife I can be.
Once a wise individual said, We should take care not to make the intellect our god it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality.
Once a wise individual said, I hope one day I will host my own charity event to give back to society.
Once a wise individual said, I find that he is happiest of whom the world says least, good or bad.
Once a wise individual said, I want to come across as a positive person.
Once a wise individual said, If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
Once a wise individual said, You know among people who kind of travel a lot and have exposure to the United States and some other countries, they do have accounts, but you know, Russia is not exactly the place with multiple language skills so local networks kind of have an edge.
Once a wise individual said, But, I would be naive not to recognize the number of musicians who tell me they have been influenced by me and sight me - as well as Alex and Neil - as a musician who has been a positive influence on their playing.
Once a wise individual said, Morning without you is a dwindled dawn.
Once a wise individual said, Dubstep has everything for me. Rhythm, sound design, heartfelt emotion - all in one place.
Once a wise individual said, What the world really needs is more love and less paper work.
Once a wise individual said, When I'm on my own, I can be negative. I need my friends and family around to help pick me up if I've had a bad qualifying session. I think insecurity plagues a lot of sportspeople.
Once a wise individual said, When I speak of 'cycles,' I am referring to lengthy intervals of relative homogeneity, if not in the resolving of problems, than at least with respect to the consistency of their capacity to productively irritate.
Once a wise individual said, Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
Once a wise individual said, He fertilizes a phrase or a line of poetry for weeks and then gives birth to it in a speech.
Once a wise individual said, It was amazing and inspiring to see so many people come together through music to aid the great state of Vermont.
Once a wise individual said, Mickey Mouse popped out of my mind onto a drawing pad 20 years ago on a train ride from Manhattan to Hollywood at a time when business fortunes of my brother Roy and myself were at lowest ebb and disaster seemed right around the corner.
Once a wise individual said, Our DNA is as a consumer company - for that individual customer who's voting thumbs up or thumbs down. That's who we think about. And we think that our job is to take responsibility for the complete user experience. And if it's not up to par, it's our fault, plain and simply.
Once a wise individual said, President Obama chose politics over leadership. 'Hope' and 'Change' have become bait-and-switch.
Once a wise individual said, Like all great travellers, I have seen more than I remember, and remember more than I have seen.
Once a wise individual said, I saw Tequila Sunrise as a romantic picture with complex, bigger than life characters.
Once a wise individual said, I would say, stay the hell away from the party scene. Anything you put in front of your goal, and especially something like that, whether it's too much gambling, too much food, too much cold beers on the weekend - anything that you put in front of the prize is going to end up getting in the way and hurting you in the end.
Once a wise individual said, In the night of death, hope sees a star, and listening love can hear the rustle of a wing.
Once a wise individual said, I know I have to be like people expect, because people love to dream with me, they like to think that I love my boat of 50 metres, that I drink Cristal for breakfast, that I dance until five o'clock in the morning. I am not like that.
Once a wise individual said, I am very slow to warm. I've always been sort of a loner. I didn't play team sports. I am better one-on-one than in big groups.
Once a wise individual said, Patience is the secret to good food.
Once a wise individual said, This is the highest wisdom that I own freedom and life are earned by those alone who conquer them each day anew.
Once a wise individual said, I was born in ancient times, at the end of the world, in a patriarchal Catholic and conservative family. No wonder that by age five I was a raging feminist - although the term had not reached Chile yet, so nobody knew what the heck was wrong with me.
Once a wise individual said, My ideal travel companions are my family.
Once a wise individual said, I think what weakens people most is fear of wasting their strength.
Once a wise individual said, When you have really exhausted an experience you always reverence and love it.
Once a wise individual said, Politicians also have no leisure, because they are always aiming at something beyond political life itself, power and glory, or happiness.
Once a wise individual said, My story of success and failure is not just about music and being famous. It's about living and loving and trying to find purpose in this crazy world.
Once a wise individual said, People always ask me, 'What is it that you regret?' And I say, 'nothing, because I could not buy what I've learned.' And I apply those things to my life I learn. And hopefully, hopefully it helps me to be a better human in the future and make better choices.
Once a wise individual said, I think the cost of energy will come down when we make this transition to renewable energy.
Once a wise individual said, Kennedy lied and lied about his health while he was alive, even using his father's influence to get into the Navy without ever taking a medical examination.
Once a wise individual said, All cities do face similar, significant trends in the future... most importantly global warming and climate change.
Once a wise individual said, I think it is an immutable law in business that words are words, explanations are explanations, promises are promises - but only performance is reality.
Once a wise individual said, A better world shall emerge based on faith and understanding.
Once a wise individual said, There is pleasure in the pathless woods, there is rapture in the lonely shore, there is society where none intrudes, by the deep sea, and music in its roar I love not Man the less, but Nature more.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not really in the excuse business.
Once a wise individual said, The legal difference between the sit-ins and the Freedom Riders was significant.
Once a wise individual said, Bereavement is the sharpest challenge to our trust in God if faith can overcome this, there is no mountain which it cannot remove.
Once a wise individual said, Only in dreams, in poetry, in play do we sometimes arrive at what we were before we were this thing that, who knows, we are.
Once a wise individual said, People of art should never get married and have children, because it's a selfish experience.
Once a wise individual said, I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.
Once a wise individual said, My friend and I sang an a cappella rendition of Extreme's 'More Than Words' at one of our football pep rallies in a desperate attempt to look cool. For a while, I wore pink Converse All Stars because I thought it made me seem daring and irreverent.
Once a wise individual said, I don't feel I was ever a 'famous' child actor. I was just a working actor who happened to be a kid. I was never really in a hit show until I was a teenager with West Wing playing First Daughter Zoey Bartlet. In a way, that was my saving grace - not being a star on a hit show. It kept me working and kept me grounded.
Once a wise individual said, The people, and the people alone, are the motive force in the making of world history.
Once a wise individual said, NASA has been one of the most successful public investments in motivating students to do well and achieve all they can achieve. It's sad that we are turning the programme in a direction where it will reduce the amount of motivation and stimulation it provides to young people.
Once a wise individual said, Of all escape mechanisms, death is the most efficient.
Once a wise individual said, I aim for a lifetime full of movies.
Once a wise individual said, Suicide, moreover, was at the time in vogue in Paris: what more suitable key to the mystery of life for a skeptical society?
Once a wise individual said, Part of my job as a food writer is to describe food. So my work on 'Top Chef,' I feel, is an extension of that. When we give a criticism to the contestant, we want to make sure we tell them why it's not working and why it would work if they did it a different way.
Once a wise individual said, Architecture should speak of its time and place, but yearn for timelessness.
Once a wise individual said, I love wushu a lot and I would love to see it included in future Olympic Games.
Once a wise individual said, I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's were the fun is.
Once a wise individual said, In life there are no problems, that is, objective and external choices there is only the life which we do not resolve as a problem but which we live as an experience, whatever the final result may be.
Once a wise individual said, All theory is against freedom of the will all experience for it.
Once a wise individual said, There is no fear before and no fear after. We give our best.
Once a wise individual said, Works of art often last forever, or nearly so. But exhibitions themselves, especially gallery exhibitions, are like flowers they bloom and then they die, then exist only as memories, or pressed in magazines and books.
Once a wise individual said, Between stimulus and response there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response. In our response lies our growth and our freedom.
Once a wise individual said, I didn't have nothin' going for me... school, home... until I found something I loved, which was music, and that changed everything.
Once a wise individual said, Down on your knees, and thank heaven, fasting, for a good man's love.
Once a wise individual said, People who don't read seem to me mysterious. I don't know how they think or learn about other people. Novels are a very important part of our education.
Once a wise individual said, I just hope that theaters remain. I think there's something very wonderful about getting into a dark room with a bunch of people. There's something cool about that. Brings us all together in one room where we can experience all those emotions.
Once a wise individual said, Growing up with three older brothers and being the youngest and the only girl, my mom always made me tough. She's taught me over the years how to be a strong, independent woman, how to carry yourself in a positive way and anything that my brothers can do, I can do.
Once a wise individual said, Our worldly successes cannot be guaranteed, but our ability to achieve spiritual success is entirely up to us, thanks to the grace of God. The best advice I know is to give is to give those worldly things your best but never your all - reserve the ultimate hope for the only one who can grant it.
Once a wise individual said, Not by appointment do we meet delight Or joy they heed not our expectancy But round some corner of the streets of life they of a sudden greet us with a smile.
Once a wise individual said, In almost everything, experience is more valuable than precept.
Once a wise individual said, The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.
Once a wise individual said, All truly historical peoples have an idea they must realize, and when they have sufficiently exploited it at home, they export it, in a certain way, by war they make it tour the world.
Once a wise individual said, The government is not your salvation. The government is not your road to prosperity. Hard work, education will take you far beyond what any government program can ever promise.
Once a wise individual said, In youth and beauty, wisdom is but rare!
Once a wise individual said, According to Richard Clarke, the former White House counterterrorism chief, Bush was so obsessed with Iraq that he failed to take action against Osama Bin Laden despite repeated warnings from his intelligence experts.
Once a wise individual said, Of moral purpose I see no trace in Nature. That is an article of exclusively human manufacture and very much to our credit.
Once a wise individual said, Question with boldness even the existence of a God because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear.
Once a wise individual said, I don't know a better preparation for life than a love of poetry and a good digestion.
Once a wise individual said, I very much feel that marriage is a sacrament and that sacrament should extend... to that legal entity of a union between what traditionally in our Western values has been defined as between a man and a woman.
Once a wise individual said, If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
Once a wise individual said, I have enough love to last me a lifetime! Thank God I'll never lose my imagination and my passion. That's really what it is. I'm still passionate about what I do.
Once a wise individual said, The one thing that I'm in charge of in this wedding is the food.
Once a wise individual said, The most aggressive artists often hide their romantic side.
Once a wise individual said, Decisiveness is a characteristic of high-performing men and women. Almost any decision is better than no decision at all.
Once a wise individual said, If you can eat 70 percent raw or introduce raw into your diet, it will help your health.
Once a wise individual said, All men's gains are the fruit of venturing.
Once a wise individual said, Lance Armstrong, the famous cyclist and more importantly, cancer survivor, has said 'if you ever get a second chance for something, you've got to go all the way.'
Once a wise individual said, I just like the company of beautiful women. I have a weakness in that department. And I suppose because I am fairly well off and a famous musician, I'm up for grabs. And that makes me an eligible bachelor in the press.
Once a wise individual said, I get hired by companies to hack into their systems and break into their physical facilities to find security holes. Our success rate is 100% we've always found a hole.
Once a wise individual said, Unfortunately, Climate Science has become Political Science. It is tragic that some perhaps well-meaning but politically motivated scientists who should know better have whipped up a global frenzy about a phenomena which is statistically questionable at best.
Once a wise individual said, I love music.
Once a wise individual said, Money is something that can be measured art is not. It's all subjective.
Once a wise individual said, It is the test of a good religion whether you can joke about it.
Once a wise individual said, It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for.
Once a wise individual said, They're great girls. They're very funny, they're very smart, they're fun to be with. They're very lively, as I think people can tell. And you know, they're very confident girls.
Once a wise individual said, Civilization is a method of living, an attitude of equal respect for all men.
Once a wise individual said, I grew up in the '80s where there's a lot of these kind of post-apocalyptic, post-comet, post-whatever it was, so that always captured my imagination a lot as a little kid, that idea of getting access to secret places and being able to roam around where you're not supposed to.
Once a wise individual said, I've had an interest in politics since I was a little kid.
Once a wise individual said, Intelligence is our first line of defense against terrorism, and we must improve the collection capabilities and analysis of intelligence to protect the security of the United States and its allies.
Once a wise individual said, The family teaches us about the importance of knowledge, education, hard work and effort. It teaches us about enjoying ourselves, having fun, keeping fit and healthy.
Once a wise individual said, The strength of a nation, especially of a republican nation, is in the intelligent and well ordered homes of the people.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over.
Once a wise individual said, Because I believe that humans are computers, I conjectured that computers, like people, can have left- and right-handed versions.
Once a wise individual said, Romantic music really stirs my soul. And, of course, I love Chinese music it makes me feel closer to home.
Once a wise individual said, Death be not proud, though some have called thee Mighty and dreadful, for thou art not so. For, those, whom thou think'st thou dost overthrow. Die not, poor death, nor yet canst thou kill me.
Once a wise individual said, Success should always be just beyond your grasp.
Once a wise individual said, I know the history of the record business so well because I followed Billie Holiday into the record studios. It was so primitive compared to the sophisticated business today.
Once a wise individual said, Although awareness of cancer's prevalence in the United States improves and medical advances in the field abound, pancreatic cancer has largely been absent from the list of major success stories.
Once a wise individual said, My parents discussed singing every night over the dinner table I had a tremendous music education.
Once a wise individual said, There's something missing in the music industry today... and it's music. Songs you hear don't last, it's just product fed to you by the industry.
Once a wise individual said, Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
Once a wise individual said, In 1978, I entered Tohoku University, into the Department of Electrical Engineering, Faculty of Technology.
Once a wise individual said, Polite conversation is rarely either.
Once a wise individual said, As a child, I had to get up early for school or work. I'd get ready by myself. I'd set my alarm to wake me up very early in the morning, and be off to work, the family driver driving me every morning. I did it alone, my parents never coming in to wake me up.
Once a wise individual said, I was determined to achieve the total freedom that our history lessons taught us we were entitled to, no matter what the sacrifice.
Once a wise individual said, That business we started with 10 people has now grown into a great American success story.
Once a wise individual said, We women are constantly at war with our bodies, it is hard to find amnesty for ourselves.
Once a wise individual said, Almost all quality improvement comes via simplification of design, manufacturing... layout, processes, and procedures.
Once a wise individual said, Being from Africa is the best thing that could have ever, ever happened to me. I cannot see it any other way. All of my fundamental principles that were instilled in me in my home, from my childhood, are still with me.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage, n: the state or condition of a community consisting of a master, a mistress, and two slaves, making in all, two.
Once a wise individual said, If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life.
Once a wise individual said, Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of a little water.
Once a wise individual said, For me, poetry is a situation - a state of being, a way of facing life and facing history.
Once a wise individual said, The auditory perception is not sufficient for our knowledge of the world it does not have vastness.
Once a wise individual said, Thank God we're living in a country where the sky's the limit, the stores are open late and you can shop in bed thanks to television.
Once a wise individual said, It became plain very soon after our marriage that ours was to be a literary partnership.
Once a wise individual said, I'm trying to figure myself out through my movies. Whether it's big stuff like what we're doing here, or little stuff like, 'Why aren't I happier?' With every film I feel like I'm apologising for something. I feel I'm most successful when I'm looking for something that embarrasses me about my character that I'd like to expose.
Once a wise individual said, My family is from the South, and I can remember all those ladies I grew up with, like my great-aunts, who had handkerchiefs. There's something sweet about them.
Once a wise individual said, I didn't want to be one of those women who wake up at 63 years old and realize they've missed the window of opportunity for marriage and children.
Once a wise individual said, God does not require you to follow His leadings on blind trust. Behold the evidence of an invisible intelligence pervading everything, even your own mind and body.
Once a wise individual said, I never listen to music in the house, I listen to music in the car.
Once a wise individual said, 'Yes' is a far more potent word than 'no' in American politics. By adopting the positions which animate the political agenda for the other side, one can disarm them and leave them sputtering with nothing to say.
Once a wise individual said, My mom used to say that Greek Easter was later because then you get stuff cheaper.
Once a wise individual said, Listen to your inner-voice: Surround yourself with loving, nurturing people. Fall in love with your art and find yourself. Music is the great communicator.
Once a wise individual said, When I first became famous, I didn't know if I could go where I wanted to because I didn't know how people were going to act. Some folks would scream and holler, and I didn't know what to do with that.
Once a wise individual said, I love my past, I love my present. I am not ashamed of what I have had, and I am not sad because I no longer have it.
Once a wise individual said, I enjoyed working as a model a lot as it let me travel and I got to do some really interesting projects.
Once a wise individual said, Measures must always in a progressive society be held superior to men, who are after all imperfect instruments, working for their fulfilment.
Once a wise individual said, Not even the brightest future can make up for the fact that no roads lead back to what came before - to the innocence of childhood or the first time we fell in love.
Once a wise individual said, Little islands of human happiness, peace, and prosperity are so exceptional at this point in history that I'm not even sure we can draw lessons from them.
Once a wise individual said, The time I had waited probably made the difference between success and failure.
Once a wise individual said, I like guys with a nice smile. I know it's cliche, but it's so true! I like a guy with a nice smile and nice eyes.
Once a wise individual said, I don't like travelling. Which is ridiculous. And it's not because I'm afraid of dying on the plane or anything. I just like to stay at home.
Once a wise individual said, Preparation for old age should begin not later than one's teens. A life which is empty of purpose until 65 will not suddenly become filled on retirement.
Once a wise individual said, I think that when we have a better educated society, when there is less violence in our cities, when people get back into the workforce and have the opportunity to take care of themselves and their families - that for me really is the kind of success and the kind of America that I think most of us still want, we aspire to.
Once a wise individual said, It was not enough to come and listen to a great sermon or message every Sunday morning and be confined to those four walls and those four corners. You had to get out and do something.
Once a wise individual said, A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be.
Once a wise individual said, I will never understand people who think that the way to show their righteous opposition to sexual freedom is to write letters full of filthy words.
Once a wise individual said, You have to let it all hang out, let go of the ideas that were more comfortable and embrace some of the sadness in your life.
Once a wise individual said, Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic, and so am I.
Once a wise individual said, Is woman a religion? Well, perhaps you will have the chance of judging for yourselves if you go to America. There you will find men treating women with just the same respect formerly accorded only to religious dignitaries or to great nobles.
Once a wise individual said, Death is easier than a wretched life and better never to have born than to live and fare badly.
Once a wise individual said, Cruelty is the law pervading all nature and society and we can't get out of it if we would.
Once a wise individual said, I have never made fun of religion. Religion is something I don't even want to mess with, because I am really afraid of the clouds opening up and my being struck by lightning.
Once a wise individual said, For those who aspire to live in a high cost, high tax, big government place, our nation and the world offers plenty of options. Vermont, Canada and Venezuela all offer you the opportunity to live in the socialist, big government paradise you long for.
Once a wise individual said, Modern science cannot explain why the laws of physics are exactly balanced for animal life to exist.
Once a wise individual said, Well, I've never left my faith - but have I made a lot of mistakes? But was I fortunate that I was brought up in that Pentecostal church, where I heard about God's love and God's forgiveness.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of people are afraid of heights. Not me, I'm afraid of widths.
Once a wise individual said, I came from a family where joining a union was the expected thing to do. I've always believed that the relationship between an employer and an individual worker is fundamentally unequal.
Once a wise individual said, A man is a god in ruins. When men are innocent, life shall be longer, and shall pass into the immortal, as gently as we awake from dreams.
Once a wise individual said, I haven't understood a bar of music in my life, but I have felt it.
Once a wise individual said, Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack. Women treat it like glass and it goes to pieces.
Once a wise individual said, Most things break, including hearts. The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.
Once a wise individual said, I must be more sensible and realize that at my age, illusions are hardly permitted and they will always destroy me.
Once a wise individual said, But how odd that in this heathen nation of empty pews, where churches' bare, ruined choirs are converted into luxury loft living, a Labour government - yes, a Labour government - is deliberately creating a huge expansion of faith schools.
Once a wise individual said, In the beginning there was the word. The word was Jah. The word is in I, Jah is in I. I make what is good, better, and what is better, best. I follow this in every aspect of life.
Once a wise individual said, Hope is the most exciting thing in life and if you honestly believe that love is out there, it will come. And even if it doesn't come straight away there is still that chance all through your life that it will.
Once a wise individual said, There is no religion in which everyday life is not considered a prison there is no philosophy or ideology that does not think that we live in alienation.
Once a wise individual said, I never get the accountants in before I start up a business. It's done on gut feeling, especially if I can see that they are taking the mickey out of the consumer.
Once a wise individual said, Affirmation without discipline is the beginning of delusion.
Once a wise individual said, You can't have a happy family if you don't have a happy marriage.
Once a wise individual said, On the other hand, in a society whose communication component is becoming more prominent day by day, both as a reality and as an issue, it is clear that language assumes a new importance.
Once a wise individual said, I do respect people's faith, but I don't respect their manipulation of that faith in order to create fear and control.
Once a wise individual said, Over and over again, financial experts and wonkish talking heads endeavor to explain these mysterious, 'toxic' financial instruments to us lay folk. Over and over, they ignobly fail, because we all know that no one understands credit default obligations and derivatives, except perhaps Mr. Buffett and the computers who created them.
Once a wise individual said, In many cases your imagination is much more effective than what can be shown. It primes you to know something is about to happen - the anticipation and anxiety is worse than what ends up happening.
Once a wise individual said, Leaders come in many forms, with many styles and diverse qualities. There are quiet leaders and leaders one can hear in the next county. Some find strength in eloquence, some in judgment, some in courage.
Once a wise individual said, Black Consciousness is an attitude of the mind and a way of life, the most positive call to emanate from the black world for a long time.
Once a wise individual said, My message, especially to young people is to have courage to think differently, courage to invent, to travel the unexplored path, courage to discover the impossible and to conquer the problems and succeed. These are great qualities that they must work towards. This is my message to the young people.
Once a wise individual said, If we are not free, no one will respect us.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes people offer you plays, they offer you parts, but they only offer it because I'm famous.
Once a wise individual said, I view life as a learning experience. It is not so much all about music it is about what happens when you are doing the music.
Once a wise individual said, What I'm concerned about is endless borrowing, which is going to compromise our economy not only today but in the future. Because we know the decisions we make right now really dramatically impact us in the future, and the debt is literally getting out of our control.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not impressed by someone's degree... I'm impressed by them making movies.
Once a wise individual said, I fear God and respect God and love God.
Once a wise individual said, Beware of men who cry. It's true that men who cry are sensitive to and in touch with feelings, but the only feelings they tend to be sensitive to and in touch with are their own.
Once a wise individual said, Though I was excited about the Sojourner Truth play, it was not reassuring to think that my entire future might depend on the success of that one show.
Once a wise individual said, Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.
Once a wise individual said, False opinions are like false money, struck first of all by guilty men and thereafter circulated by honest people who perpetuate the crime without knowing what they are doing.
Once a wise individual said, It is a great mystery that though the human heart longs for Truth, in which alone it finds liberation and delight, the first reaction of human beings to Truth is one of hostility and fear!
Once a wise individual said, If America wants to retain its position as a global power, its president must listen to the people and show strong leadership at this turning point in human history.
Once a wise individual said, Wherever smart people work, doors are unlocked.
Once a wise individual said, I believe with all my heart that America remains 'the great idea' that inspires the world. It is a privilege to be born here. It is an honor to become a citizen here. It is a gift to raise your family here, to vote here, and to live here.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not in power, but my ideas are in power. And my ideas will prevail.
Once a wise individual said, Money makes your life easier. If you're lucky to have it, you're lucky.
Once a wise individual said, There weren't any astronauts until I was about 10. Yuri Gagarin went into space right around my 10th birthday.
Once a wise individual said, My sword I give to him that shall succeed me in my pilgrimage, and my courage and skill to him that can get it.
Once a wise individual said, It was a very cool thing to be a smart girl, as opposed to some other, different kind. And I think that made a great deal of difference to me growing up and in my life afterward.
Once a wise individual said, I became a mom at 37 and having a child has been an emancipation for me.
Once a wise individual said, I mean, you've kind of got the track down, especially with ovals. The only thing that improves is that when race conditions come, you know what to expect slightly more from the track and from your car.
Once a wise individual said, The awakening of the people of China to the possibilities under free government is the most significant, if not the most momentous, event of our generation.
Once a wise individual said, So if one day the result becomes 3-3, for me it doesn't change my mind, because it's football, it's normal. What is not normal is that we haven't been scoring enough goals playing such good football as we've been playing in the last few weeks.
Once a wise individual said, The intention to live as long as possible isn't one of the mind's best intentions, because quantity isn't the same as quality.
Once a wise individual said, My mother's sympathies were strongly with the Union. She knew that war was bound to come, but so confident was she in the strength of the Federal Government that she devoutly believed that the struggle could not last longer than six months at the utmost.
Once a wise individual said, I grew up in a dysfunctional family.
Once a wise individual said, Our religion is itself profoundly sad - a religion of universal anguish, and one which, because of its very catholicity, grants full liberty to the individual and asks no better than to be celebrated in each man's own language - so long as he knows anguish and is a painter.
Once a wise individual said, Really big people are, above everything else, courteous, considerate and generous - not just to some people in some circumstances - but to everyone all the time.
Once a wise individual said, Stories aren't the beauty of what did happen. They're the beauty of what could happen.
Once a wise individual said, No man ever prayed heartily without learning something.
Once a wise individual said, In fact, my mom always told me because I was the daughter of an Army officer born overseas in Paris, France, that under the Constitution she believed that I could never run for president.
Once a wise individual said, Clarity affords focus.
Once a wise individual said, Any man who has $10,000 left when he dies is a failure.
Once a wise individual said, My grandparents got married at a very young age, and a lot of what I think about marriage is based on their relationship. I watched them over the years and saw how they dealt with everything together, as a team.
Once a wise individual said, Walmart is an amazing story of entrepreneurship and, as one of the world's most powerful brands, touches millions of lives every day.
Once a wise individual said, On neither the sun, nor death, can a man look fixedly.
Once a wise individual said, A majority, perhaps as many as 75 percent, of abortion clinics are in areas with high minority populations. Abortion apologists will say this is because they want to serve the poor. You don't serve the poor, however, by taking their money to terminate their children.
Once a wise individual said, My mom was always the supplier of soccer balls, and so people were always knocking on my door, and trying to get me out so we could play.
Once a wise individual said, A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and art into pedantry. Hence University education.
Once a wise individual said, I have always felt that a woman has the right to treat the subject of her age with ambiguity until, perhaps, she passes into the realm of over ninety. Then it is better she be candid with herself and with the world.
Once a wise individual said, I will not attempt to deny the reasonableness and necessity of a party war but in carrying on that war all principles and rules of justice should not be departed from.
Once a wise individual said, In hard-core science fiction in which characters are responding to a change in environment, caused by nature or the universe or technology, what readers want to see is how people cope, and so the character are present to cope, or fail to cope.
Once a wise individual said, With respect to the respective French and German traditions you are no doubt correct, although I am reluctant to see individual achievement reduced to archetypes.
Once a wise individual said, The art of life is to live in the present moment, and to make that moment as perfect as we can by the realization that we are the instruments and expression of God Himself.
Once a wise individual said, Our modern society - especially in the West, and especially now - reveres youth.
Once a wise individual said, Without health life is not life it is only a state of langour and suffering - an image of death.
Once a wise individual said, Our experience is composed rather of illusions that of wisdom acquired.
Once a wise individual said, Strange questions are the more interesting ones. Children by and large don't try to trip you up... they want to find out how you do this funny thing that you do... if they've loved a story they love to know how it started.
Once a wise individual said, Turn on to politics, or politics will turn on you.
Once a wise individual said, I am deeply grateful to the citizens of Sarajevo and the Sarajevo Canton assembly for bestowing upon me this incredible honor of citizenship. I am so proud to now be a part of such an extraordinary part of the world and fellow citizen to the people I deeply love and admire.
Once a wise individual said, I've always been an avid reader. If I don't have a book in the car, I'll stop and pick one up just to have something to read. I don't even remember learning to read.
Once a wise individual said, I realized that if my thoughts immediately affect my body, I should be careful about what I think. Now if I get angry, I ask myself why I feel that way. If I can find the source of my anger, I can turn that negative energy into something positive.
Once a wise individual said, In Fargo, they say, well, that's a job. How well do you get paid? For example, for this book I was written about in Entertainment Weekly, and it was kind of cool because my mom asked me if Entertainment Weekly was a magazine or a newspaper.
Once a wise individual said, So much research has been done showing that the woman is the most vulnerable but also the biggest strength leading to economic progress.
Once a wise individual said, Music has charms to sooth a savage breast, to soften rocks, or bend a knotted oak.
Once a wise individual said, All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.
Once a wise individual said, I continue to meet people who have had their Web pages hijacked, their browsers corrupted, in some cases, their children exposed to inappropriate material from these dangerous programs hidden in their family computers.
Once a wise individual said, I think the most interesting parts of human experience might be the sparks that come from that sort of chipping flint of cultures rubbing against each other. And living on the border between Mexico and the U.S. for so many years gave me a lot of insight into that.
Once a wise individual said, To have the chance to see your music be elevated and to have almost universally positive response to that music, makes me feel better every day. I feel more confident and inspired, and that's fun.
Once a wise individual said, I remember telling my creative writing teacher that you never want to have a journal, because if you lose it, then someone's going to know all your secrets. And then she stopped using a journal, but I always write everything down... Anytime I travel, I try and fill up notepads.
Once a wise individual said, The essence of good government is trust.
Once a wise individual said, Any relations in a social order will endure, if there is infused into them some of that spirit of human sympathy which qualifies life for immortality.
Once a wise individual said, The Dell Theory of Conflict Prevention argues that no two countries that are both part of the same global supply chain will ever fight a war as long as they are each part of that supply chain.
Once a wise individual said, This great, though disastrous, culture can only change as we begin to stand off and see... the inveterate materialism which has become the model for cultures around the world.
Once a wise individual said, The real solution is to improve the incomes of the poor and provide their children with decent education.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is the impish attempt to paint the color of the wind.
Once a wise individual said, In politics there are some candidates who use change to promote their careers, and then there are those like John McCain who use their careers to promote change.
Once a wise individual said, Novelists have always had complete freedom to pretty much tell their story any way they saw fit. And that's what I'm trying to do.
Once a wise individual said, Artists know that diligence counts as much, if not more, as inspiration in art, as in politics, patience counts as much as revolution.
Once a wise individual said, Peruvian food is so simple yet amazingly flavored with their traditional spices.
Once a wise individual said, If only we'd stop trying to be happy we'd have a pretty good time.
Once a wise individual said, We can never learn too much of His will towards us, too much of His messages and His advice. The Bible is His word and its study gives at once the foundation for our faith and an inspiration to battle onward in the fight against the tempter.
Once a wise individual said, The time has come - and must come - for multilateral conversations about a secure peace in all of Europe.
Once a wise individual said, As a mom, I don't have much time for beauty.
Once a wise individual said, What we see today is an American economy that has boomed because of policies and developments of the 1950s and '60s: the interstate-highway system, massive funding for science and technology, a public-education system that was the envy of the world and generous immigration policies.
Once a wise individual said, If you're self-employed, between jobs, or can't get insurance through work, you'll have access to affordable health insurance as good as Congressman Paul Ryan's.
Once a wise individual said, Only the dreamer shall understand realities, though in truth his dreaming must be not out of proportion to his waking.
Once a wise individual said, I was a peripheral visionary. I could see the future, but only way off to the side.
Once a wise individual said, Self-expression must pass into communication for its fulfillment.
Once a wise individual said, In rap music, even though the element of poetry is very strong, so is the element of the drum, the implication of the dance. Without the beat, its commercial value would certainly be more tenuous.
Once a wise individual said, Moderation has been called a virtue to limit the ambition of great men, and to console undistinguished people for their want of fortune and their lack of merit.
Once a wise individual said, All men make mistakes, but married men find out about them sooner.
Once a wise individual said, The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling.
Once a wise individual said, We have our own history, our own language, our own culture. But our destiny is also tied up with the destinies of other people - history has made us all South Africans.
Once a wise individual said, For me, peace should provide security to the Jewish people.
Once a wise individual said, Could a greater miracle take place than for us to look through each other's eyes for an instant?
Once a wise individual said, Equality may perhaps be a right, but no power on earth can ever turn it into a fact.
Once a wise individual said, I don't believe that I personally have been changed by the money. The bad thing is people assume you've changed because now you have money.
Once a wise individual said, Dad almost died of a heart attack in the middle of making Apocalypse Now, the biggest movie of his life. It doesn't make you want to jump into that business.
Once a wise individual said, The design of Rhetoric is to remove those Prejudices that lie in the way of Truth, to Reduce the Passions to the Government of Reasons to place our Subject in a Right Light, and excite our Hearers to a due consideration of it.
Once a wise individual said, When I met my husband, I refused to invite him home for Passover because I was embarrassed my mother might serve all the catered dishes in the wrong order.
Once a wise individual said, I believe that anyone can conquer fear by doing the things he fears to do, provided he keeps doing them until he gets a record of successful experience behind him.
Once a wise individual said, Aretha Franklin was a teenage mom, a musician who came from an incredibly Christian background, but there was a lot of love, which is really inspiring in a feminist way.
Once a wise individual said, Dream study impacts culture. We are put in touch with the inner poet who dreams. We hear our inner, subjective response to the outer world. That helps spiritualize our lives.
Once a wise individual said, Yeah, my dream would be to work for 6 months and then have 6 months to play, just snowboarding, surfing, and going to cool places to listen and be alone and kinda chill out.
Once a wise individual said, We must believe in luck. For how else can we explain the success of those we don't like?
Once a wise individual said, Windows are as essential to office prestige as Christmas is to retailing.
Once a wise individual said, My father followed, during most of his life, the precarious occupation of a country school teacher.
Once a wise individual said, My dad was an engineer, and he became the CEO of Chevron. His was an engineer's mind-set: Everything's kind of a problem how do you approach the problem?
Once a wise individual said, My parents, especially my mother, were no influence on me whatsoever.
Once a wise individual said, I came on to the film with a very happy-go-lucky attitude which I think my character, Charlie, did when she went into the house. I expected it to be good, and then slowly things started to change for us all.
Once a wise individual said, The knowledge of God is very far from the love of Him.
Once a wise individual said, Does it follow that the house has nothing in common with art and is architecture not to be included in the arts? Only a very small part of architecture belongs to art: the tomb and the monument. Everything else that fulfils a function is to be excluded from the domain of art.
Once a wise individual said, I married him for a green card. We had a really great, caring relationship it just obviously wasn't right for me.
Once a wise individual said, To him that waits all things reveal themselves, provided that he has the courage not to deny, in the darkness, what he has seen in the light.
Once a wise individual said, My music was never considered cool, but I've always felt that connection with the audience.
Once a wise individual said, Those whose life is long still strive for gain, and for all mortals all things take second place to money.
Once a wise individual said, We always had lutefisk for Christmas dinner, after which Dad read from the Norwegian Bible.
Once a wise individual said, There are forces all around you who wish to exploit division, rob you of your freedom, and tell you what to think. But young folks can rekindle the weary spirit of a slumbering nation.
Once a wise individual said, Walk a mile in my shoes is good advice. Our children will learn to respect others if they are used to imagining themselves in another's place.
Once a wise individual said, I want my food dead. Not sick, not dying, dead.
Once a wise individual said, I love short trips to New York to me it is the finest three-day town on earth.
Once a wise individual said, Movies for adults sucked in the 1980s, and music for adults sucked even worse whether we're talking about Kathleen Turner flicks or Sting albums, the decade's non-teen culture has no staying power at all.
Once a wise individual said, When men are arrested without any legal basis and for political reasons, it's merely a routine, everyday occurrence in Russia, and hardly anyone has any sympathy.
Once a wise individual said, It is sad that the Republican leadership is not as interested as they say they are in protecting the institution of marriage as they are in waging a campaign to divide and distract the American people from the real issues that need to be addressed.
Once a wise individual said, I get up early in the morning, 4 o'clock, and I sit at my desk and what I do is just dream. After three or four hours, that's enough. In the afternoon, I run.
Once a wise individual said, Anyone can count the seeds in an apple, but only God can count the number of apples in a seed.
Once a wise individual said, Recipes are important but only to a point. What's more important than recipes is how we think about food, and a good cookbook should open up a new way of doing just that.
Once a wise individual said, I keep dreaming of a future, a future with a long and healthy life, not lived in the shadow of cancer but in the light.
Once a wise individual said, The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
Once a wise individual said, At the time I came along, Hollywood's idea of teen movies meant there had to be a lot of nudity, usually involving boys in pursuit of sex, and pretty gross overall. Either that or a horror movie. And the last thing Hollywood wanted in their teen movies was teenagers!
Once a wise individual said, Participate joyfully in the sorrows of the world. We cannot cure the world of sorrows, but we can choose to live in joy.
Once a wise individual said, I did not compose my work as one might put on a church vestment... rather it sprung from the truly fervent faith of my heart, such as I have felt it since my childhood.
Once a wise individual said, Travel, in the younger sort, is a part of education in the elder, a part of experience.
Once a wise individual said, For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.
Once a wise individual said, You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.
Once a wise individual said, Above all, film is a business... Independence is a really cool thing as you can be a bit more bold, and take a few more chances with what you do.
Once a wise individual said, Hypocrites in the Church? Yes, and in the lodge and at the home. Don't hunt through the Church for a hypocrite. Go home and look in the mirror. Hypocrites? Yes. See that you make the number one less.
Once a wise individual said, The way of the Creative works through change and transformation, so that each thing receives its true nature and destiny and comes into permanent accord with the Great Harmony: this is what furthers and what perseveres.
Once a wise individual said, There is something in the unselfish and self-sacrificing love of a brute, which goes directly to the heart of him who has had frequent occasion to test the paltry friendship and gossamer fidelity of mere Man.
Once a wise individual said, The past itself, as historical change continues to accelerate, has become the most surreal of subjects - making it possible... to see a new beauty in what is vanishing.
Once a wise individual said, The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.
Once a wise individual said, The fans know what's happened to me over the past couple of years. I lost my family. I pretty much got devastated financially and the fans know that I've had some hard times - and that's the nature of loyal fans. They want to see the people that they love and believe in get back on their feet.
Once a wise individual said, I blame my mother for my poor sex life. All she told me was 'the man goes on top and the woman underneath.' For three years my husband and I slept in bunk beds.
Once a wise individual said, If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.
Once a wise individual said, The athlete of today is not an athlete alone. He's the center of a team - doctors, scientists, coaches, agents and so on.
Once a wise individual said, You just pick up a chord, go twang, and you're got music.
Once a wise individual said, Life is a mirror and will reflect back to the thinker what he thinks into it.
Once a wise individual said, Imagination creates reality.
Once a wise individual said, The Disarmament Conference has become the focal point of a great struggle between anarchy and world order... between those who think in terms of inevitable armed conflict and those who seek to build a universal and durable peace.
Once a wise individual said, One Christmas my father kept our tree up till March. He hated to see it go. I loved that.
Once a wise individual said, By measuring the proportion of children living with the same parents from birth and whether their parents report a good quality relationship we are driving home the message that social programmes should promote family stability and avert breakdown.
Once a wise individual said, You know sit with your arm around a little kid and read. It not only teaches them to read but it keeps the family strong.
Once a wise individual said, Prosperous farmers mean more employment, more prosperity for the workers and the business men of every industrial area in the whole country.
Once a wise individual said, Take away paradox from the thinker and you have a professor.
Once a wise individual said, It is a masterpiece of the devil to make us believe that children cannot understand religion. Would Christ have made a child the standard of faith if He had known that it was not capable of understanding His words?
Once a wise individual said, I love sci-fi because it leads in the imagination, and I always say it has the most intelligent fans in the world.
Once a wise individual said, I'd gone from being this art student messing about with music to this girl with a record deal, magazine front covers and all this hype. In many ways, it was everything I ever wanted, but when it happened all I felt was total, paralysing fear.
Once a wise individual said, Every marriage tends to consist of an aristocrat and a peasant. Of a teacher and a learner.
Once a wise individual said, I'll walk where my own nature would be leading: It vexes me to choose another guide.
Once a wise individual said, To work hard, to live hard, to die hard, and then go to hell after all would be too damn hard.
Once a wise individual said, Be of service. Whether you make yourself available to a friend or co-worker, or you make time every month to do volunteer work, there is nothing that harvests more of a feeling of empowerment than being of service to someone in need.
Once a wise individual said, Breaking into a system or exposing its weaknesses is a good thing because truth and knowledge must win out.
Once a wise individual said, Oh, I am very weary, Though tears no longer flow My eyes are tired of weeping, My heart is sick of woe.
Once a wise individual said, I like to go to anybody else's birthday, and if I'm invited I'm a good guest. But I never celebrate my birthdays. I really don't care.
Once a wise individual said, Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming.
Once a wise individual said, But I do know focusing on the exterior doesn't make me happy. If I want peace and serenity, it won't be reached by getting thinner or fatter.
Once a wise individual said, I feel most at home in the water. I disappear. That's where I belong.
Once a wise individual said, Our business is about technology, yes. But it's also about operations and customer relationships.
Once a wise individual said, The democratic idealist is prone to make light of the whole question of standards and leadership because of his unbounded faith in the plain people.
Once a wise individual said, If we help an educated man's daughter to go to Cambridge are we not forcing her to think not about education but about war? - not how she can learn, but how she can fight in order that she might win the same advantages as her brothers?
Once a wise individual said, I wake up every morning, look in the mirror and ask, 'Am I a sex symbol?' Then I go back to bed again. It's stupid to think that way.
Once a wise individual said, My parents were vegetarians. I'd show up at school, this giant black kid, with none of the cool clothes and a tofu sandwich and celery sticks.
Once a wise individual said, Medicine sometimes snatches away health, sometimes gives it.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is what Milton saw when he went blind.
Once a wise individual said, Men are born ignorant, not stupid. They are made stupid by education.
Once a wise individual said, It's not in our nature. Americans have never been a people that drive through a nice neighborhood and say, 'Oh, I hate the people who live in these nice houses.'
Once a wise individual said, Where I come from it was really unheard of to be at a party and someone says, 'What kind of music do you make?', and you say, 'Pop music.' You may as well have 'I'm not cool' stamped on your forehead.
Once a wise individual said, I like a woman with a head on her shoulders. I hate necks.
Once a wise individual said, A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
Once a wise individual said, Among famous traitors of history one might mention the weather.
Once a wise individual said, When people talk of the freedom of writing, speaking or thinking I cannot choose but laugh. No such thing ever existed. No such thing now exists but I hope it will exist. But it must be hundreds of years after you and I shall write and speak no more.
Once a wise individual said, Work joyfully and peacefully, knowing that right thoughts and right efforts inevitably bring about right results.
Once a wise individual said, Every company has two organizational structures: The formal one is written on the charts the other is the everyday relationship of the men and women in the organization.
Once a wise individual said, Movies will end up being this esoteric art form, where only singular people will put films out in a small group of theaters.
Once a wise individual said, I really felt like I finally made it. Having your first fake pregnancy rumor. It was really awesome. I feel like it's part of what happens in this business, but that's a real one. That's a cool one to get.
Once a wise individual said, I have a problem with too much money. I can't reinvest it fast enough, and because I reinvest it, more money comes in. Yes, the rich do get richer.
Once a wise individual said, I think the greatest taboos in America are faith and failure.
Once a wise individual said, It's part of a writer's profession, as it's part of a spy's profession, to prey on the community to which he's attached, to take away information - often in secret - and to translate that into intelligence for his masters, whether it's his readership or his spy masters. And I think that both professions are perhaps rather lonely.
Once a wise individual said, Humans have a fraught relationship with beasts. They are our companions and our chattel, our family members and our laborers, our household pets and our household pests. We love them and cage them, admire them and abuse them. And, of course, we cook and eat them.
Once a wise individual said, So at a time in which the media give the public everything it wants and desires, maybe art should adopt a much more aggressive attitude towards the public. I myself am very much inclined to take this position.
Once a wise individual said, Meeting sports athletes that are the best in the world is a thrill to this day.
Once a wise individual said, Music is for people. The word 'pop' is simply short for popular. It means that people like it. I'm just a normal jerk who happens to make music. As long as my brain and fingers work, I'm cool.
Once a wise individual said, An artist is always alone - if he is an artist. No, what the artist needs is loneliness.
Once a wise individual said, There is a syndrome in sports called 'paralysis by analysis.'
Once a wise individual said, Down on your knees, and thank heaven, fasting, for a good man's love.
Once a wise individual said, I try to give people a different way of looking at their surroundings. That's art to me.
Once a wise individual said, Good judgment comes from experience and experience comes from bad judgment.
Once a wise individual said, We submit to the majority because we have to. But we are not compelled to call our attitude of subjection a posture of respect.
Once a wise individual said, American policy seems to be wed to a perpetual state of war. Why? History shows that the world will always be in flux or turmoil, with different peoples competing for visibility and power. The U.S. cannot fix the fate of every nation.
Once a wise individual said, Everything in life that we really accept undergoes a change.
Once a wise individual said, Diabetes is a disease that's had a deep impact on my family. My little brother has had type 1 diabetes since he was a baby and I have spent time learning about the disease and trying to bring attention to it so that one day soon we will reach a cure.
Once a wise individual said, I wanted to try to push some freedom into the men's clothes.
Once a wise individual said, My ultimate aim is to make euthanasia a positive experience.
Once a wise individual said, We know accurately only when we know little, with knowledge doubt increases.
Once a wise individual said, In such ugly times, the only true protest is beauty.
Once a wise individual said, Humor can be an incredible, lacerating and effective weapon.
Once a wise individual said, That's free enterprise, friends: freedom to gamble, freedom to lose. And the great thing - the truly democratic thing about it - is that you don't even have to be a player to lose.
Once a wise individual said, There are few things more liberating in this life than having your worst fear realized.
Once a wise individual said, In 1965, I marched for equality.
Once a wise individual said, We are watching industries crumble, Wall Street firms disappear, unemployment spike, and unprecedented government intervention. And our designated opinion leaders want to know: Is Obama up this week? Is he down? And is his leadership style more like Bill Clinton's, or Abraham Lincoln's?
Once a wise individual said, I took acting classes in college, and once I graduated, I decided to give acting a shot when I couldn't really think of anything else to do. It took me a couple of years to get an agent, and my first big break was The Fanelli Boys, which was a sitcom on NBC. Then I did a few television movies.
Once a wise individual said, To the person with a firm purpose all men and things are servants.
Once a wise individual said, A certificate of live birth is not the same thing by any stretch of the imagination as a birth certificate.
Once a wise individual said, I think we all have a lot of darkness in our bellies. As an actor, the challenge of tapping into that, reaching down into that sadness or anger, is very therapeutic.
Once a wise individual said, Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.
Once a wise individual said, Liberals become indignant when you question their patriotism, but simultaneously work overtime to give terrorists a cushion for the next attack and laugh at dumb Americans who love their country and hate the enemy.
Once a wise individual said, As much as I love crisp, clean whites, there's always a time for rich but balanced Chardonnays with oak, especially at Thanksgiving.
Once a wise individual said, When a great many people are unable to find work, unemployment results.
Once a wise individual said, We are never so defensless against suffering as when we love.
Once a wise individual said, War, except in self-defense, is a failure of moral imagination.
Once a wise individual said, The only risk of failure is promotion.
Once a wise individual said, Unless there is meaningful change in Syria and an end to the crackdown, President Assad and those around him will find themselves isolated internationally and discredited within Syria.
Once a wise individual said, The apex of my civic pride and personal contentment was reached on the bright September morning when I entered the public school.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think of it as a competition - which might surprise you, given the way movies are reported constantly.
Once a wise individual said, The dark comedies tend to be in a non-releasable area. There can be romantic comedies. There can be dramas. But there's no 'dark comedy' inbox for the advertising.
Once a wise individual said, Everything that is done in the world is done by hope.
Once a wise individual said, I travel around the world, experiencing every language, every religion... some places where there's just no reason to smile, because their lives are so difficult.
Once a wise individual said, One of the most beautiful passages of Rousseau is that in the sixth book of Confessions, where he describes the awakening in him of the literary sense. Of such wisdom, the poetic passion, the desire of beauty, the love of art for its own sake, has most.
Once a wise individual said, Even if I went off to some other career, I hope I would still be doing Coen films.
Once a wise individual said, I think the best thing I can do is to be a distraction. A husband lives and breathes his work all day long. If he comes home to more table thumping, how can the poor man ever relax?
Once a wise individual said, Many women cut back what had to be done at home by redefining what the house, the marriage and, sometimes, what the child needs. One woman described a fairly common pattern: I do my half. I do half of his half, and the rest doesn't get done.
Once a wise individual said, We all pay for life with death, so everything in between should be free.
Once a wise individual said, A girl's legs are her best friends... but even the best of friends must part.
Once a wise individual said, Every study on crime and or firearms proves time and time again, that 99.99999% of American gun owners do not commit crimes or use our firearms in any dangerous or improper way.
Once a wise individual said, I'm 31 now. I think I'm beginning to understand what life is, what romance is, and what a relationship means.
Once a wise individual said, The essence of humanity's spiritual dilemma is that we evolved genetically to accept one truth and discovered another. Is there a way to erase the dilemma, to resolve the contradictions between the transcendentalist and the empiricist world views?
Once a wise individual said, Good nature is worth more than knowledge, more than money, more than honor, to the persons who possess it.
Once a wise individual said, I want to swim in both directions at once. Desire success, court failure.
Once a wise individual said, You know, I lose patience really easily I'd rather shop in the grocery store than in the department store. I can pick an apple like nobody's business.
Once a wise individual said, One does not need buildings, money, power, or status to practice the Art of Peace. Heaven is right where you are standing, and that is the place to train.
Once a wise individual said, The biggest tab the public picks up for fossil fuels has to do with what economists call 'external costs,' like the health effects of air and water pollution.
Once a wise individual said, I can't satisfy myself with just trying to tie all of my imagination into music, especially when music is not appreciated as an art form as much as it used to be.
Once a wise individual said, If you're the village blacksmith and a model T comes along, you better become a mechanic. People's lives are better when they get news online versus having to wait for the morning paper. It's a lot more efficient, a lot more real time, a lot less waste.
Once a wise individual said, The ability to get to the verge without getting into the war is the necessary art. If you try to run away from it, if you are scared to go to the brink, you are lost.
Once a wise individual said, And that is why marriage and family law has emphasized the importance of marriage as the foundation of family, addressing the needs of children in the most positive way.
Once a wise individual said, God proved His love on the Cross. When Christ hung, and bled, and died, it was God saying to the world, 'I love you.'
Once a wise individual said, I think for me, food was a way for me to deal with emotional trouble.
Once a wise individual said, I was very clear that I wanted to keep 'Thor' out of the rest of the Marvel universe for no less than the first six issues. And the success of the book, I think, speaks well to that decision.
Once a wise individual said, It never made sense to me that someone would achieve any kind of success in show business, only to become a jerk.
Once a wise individual said, I daresay one good concert justifies a week of satisfaction at home.
Once a wise individual said, I actually thought that it would be a little confusing during the same period of your life to be in one meeting when you're trying to make money, and then go to another meeting where you're giving it away. I mean is it gonna erode your ability, you know, to make money? Are you gonna somehow get confused about what you're trying to do?
Once a wise individual said, I tread in the footsteps of illustrious men... in receiving from the people the sacred trust confided to my illustrious predecessor.
Once a wise individual said, A major league pitching coach is a really difficult job. It takes a big commitment in terms of time, travel and workload.
Once a wise individual said, Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
Once a wise individual said, To us Americans much has been given of us much is required. With all our faults and mistakes, it is our strength in support of the freedom our forefathers loved which has saved mankind from subjection to totalitarian power.
Once a wise individual said, If a jerk burns the flag, America is not threatened, democracy is not under siege, freedom is not at risk.
Once a wise individual said, We have three centers: the emotional center, the intellectual center, and the physical body center. Each one of them has its own intelligence. How much better would we be if all three were working in unison?
Once a wise individual said, In parallel with the development of my interests in technical gadgetry I began to acquire a profound love of and respect for the natural world which motivates my scientific thinking to this day.
Once a wise individual said, A failure is not always a mistake, it may simply be the best one can do under the circumstances. The real mistake is to stop trying.
Once a wise individual said, There's a lot of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven't the time to enjoy it.
Once a wise individual said, Coming through the fire and through the storm of life with a strong man, my fiance Ashanti, whom I've been dating for eight months and two wonderful children beside me, I'm just so happy that I have been able to maintain my integrity and get to where I am today with the right energy around me.
Once a wise individual said, Tennis has had a very positive impact on my life.
Once a wise individual said, God continues to work miracles in my life.
Once a wise individual said, A theoretical grounding in agronomy must, therefore, include knowledge of biological laws.
Once a wise individual said, Often the magical elements in my books are standing in for elements of the real world, the small and magical-in-their-own-right sorts of things that we take for granted and no longer pay attention to, like the bonds of friendship that entwine our own lives with those of other people and places.
Once a wise individual said, As I have pointed out, it is the Christian tradition that is the most fundamental element in Western culture. It lies at the base not only of Western religion, but also of Western morals and Western social idealism.
Once a wise individual said, Feelings of worth can flourish only in an atmosphere where individual differences are appreciated, mistakes are tolerated, communication is open, and rules are flexible - the kind of atmosphere that is found in a nurturing family.
Once a wise individual said, I am not politically correct. I am all about the facts, I am all about the truth and I am all about Godly pursuits and what this country was built on, and I am not apologetic about it.
Once a wise individual said, To have the kind of year you want to have, something has to happen that you can't explain why it happened. Something has to happen that you can't coach.
Once a wise individual said, I always made my food congenial to my constitution, and my health was always excellent.
Once a wise individual said, I like pop music. I consider rock 'n' roll to be a branch of pop music.
Once a wise individual said, Do I believe in arbitration? I do. But not in arbitration between the lion and the lamb, in which the lamb is in the morning found inside the lion.
Once a wise individual said, Barack Obama's enemies are the people who make this country work. Barack Obama's enemies are those who succeed. Those are the people whose income he wants to redistribute. Those are the people whose income he wants to take, using the power and the force of the federal government to do it.
Once a wise individual said, When the farmer can sell directly to the consumer, it is a more active process. There's more contact. The consumer can know, who am I buying this from? What's their name? Do they have a face? Is the food they are selling coming out of Mexico with pesticides?
Once a wise individual said, We wander for distraction, but we travel for fulfillment.
Once a wise individual said, I was a hop-around. I hung out with the rockabilly crew, the guys who were trying to be rappers, the funny kids.
Once a wise individual said, I would love to work with Anthony Hopkins I would love to work with Meryl Streep I would love to work with DeNiro I would love to work with Johnny Depp I'd love to work with Brad Pitt, Matt Damon, Gwyneth Paltrow... I think she's amazing.
Once a wise individual said, Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not particularly precious about the theatrical experience any more.
Once a wise individual said, There is no such thing as society: there are individual men and women, and there are families.
Once a wise individual said, All the principles of heaven and earth are living inside you. Life itself is truth, and this will never change. Everything in heaven and earth breathes. Breath is the thread that ties creation together.
Once a wise individual said, Old forms of government finally grow so oppressive that they must be thrown off even at the risk of reigns of terror.
Once a wise individual said, Every general increase of freedom is accompanied by some degeneracy, attributable to the same causes as the freedom.
Once a wise individual said, Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
Once a wise individual said, War is what happens when language fails.
Once a wise individual said, Industrialization based on machinery, already referred to as a characteristic of our age, is but one aspect of the revolution that is being wrought by technology.
Once a wise individual said, My imagination functions much better when I don't have to speak to people.
Once a wise individual said, Oh, the tiger will love you. There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not a royal family watcher.
Once a wise individual said, America is the best half-educated country in the world.
Once a wise individual said, The British political system and the whole clapped out Westminster architecture, and the language that we use about politics, it's completely unsustainable. You either decide to be part of that transition to do something different. Or you cling to old certainties.
Once a wise individual said, I don't compromise my principles for politics.
Once a wise individual said, Yeah, my drum programming especially is based on my knowledge of playing a drum kit. For the bass too, definitely. It was the first thing that I translated any sort of ideas through. It must have shaped it somehow.
Once a wise individual said, Life has never been easy. Nor is it meant to be. It is a matter of being joyous in the face of sorrow.
Once a wise individual said, The relationship between commitment and doubt is by no means an antagonistic one. Commitment is healthiest when it's not without doubt but in spite of doubt.
Once a wise individual said, My mom is two people to me. She's my mom number one, and then she's this lady most comedians know as being a legendary owner of a nightclub that's responsible for starting a lot of heavy careers.
Once a wise individual said, I thought of Paris as a beauty spot on the face of the earth, and of London as a big freckle.
Once a wise individual said, If once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow-citizens, you can never regain their respect and esteem.
Once a wise individual said, Beauty, whether moral or natural, is felt, more properly than perceived.
Once a wise individual said, Those who decide to use leisure as a means of mental development, who love good music, good books, good pictures, good plays, good company, good conversation - what are they? They are the happiest people in the world.
Once a wise individual said, The business is a very tricky obstacle course, and you should be very clear about work begetting work. If you're not working, you're not interesting.
Once a wise individual said, One of the reasons why people - particularly young people - love action movies is because what they are really looking for is justice.
Once a wise individual said, The best mind-altering drug is the truth.
Once a wise individual said, Excellent education and an excellent environment are two hallmarks of our state. How we treat our environment is connected to so many other opportunities in Maine.
Once a wise individual said, Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.
Once a wise individual said, No country can act wisely simultaneously in every part of the globe at every moment of time.
Once a wise individual said, It seems like the chaos of this world is accelerating, but so is the beauty in the consciousness of more and more people.
Once a wise individual said, Boxing is a celebration of the lost religion of masculinity all the more trenchant for its being lost.
Once a wise individual said, Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming.
Once a wise individual said, I feel connected to the Second World War because my father lost his father in that war. So, through my dad and the effect it had on him of losing his father young, I always felt connected to the war. It goes back years, but it still feels to me as if we're completely living in it.
Once a wise individual said, We never really felt a real level of respect. The fame was fantastic, but that wasn't that important to me, because for every million people that loved me I focused on the one that hated me.
Once a wise individual said, Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence.
Once a wise individual said, I have no useful theories about love and marriage.
Once a wise individual said, Remember, I come from such an excessively overdone, red-carpet place called Hollywood. So I'm used to people blowing up their success in ways that are far above and beyond the truth.
Once a wise individual said, I am an optimist because I want to change things for the better and I know that blood has to be spilled and disharmony and cruelty are necessary to do that.
Once a wise individual said, There is no question that photography has played a major role in the environmental movement.
Once a wise individual said, When you put the interest of a kid on money instead of heart then you're destroying the beauty of our lives and our thought process, which should be about how much responsibilities you carry as an athlete and a citizen.
Once a wise individual said, Great nations are simply the operating fronts of behind-the-scenes, vastly ambitious individuals who had become so effectively powerful because of their ability to remain invisible while operating behind the national scenery.
Once a wise individual said, Whenever I listen to a children's orchestra, I learn. They feel everything, they enjoy everything, they have amazing energy.
Once a wise individual said, I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.
Once a wise individual said, These days, you have the option of staying home, blogging in your underwear, and not having your words mangled. I think I like the direction things are headed.
Once a wise individual said, Here's a nation, one of the founding pillars was freedom of speech and freedom of expression. And yet, we have imposed upon people restrictions on what they can say, on what they can think. And the media is the largest proponent of this, crucifying people who say things really quite innocently.
Once a wise individual said, Those who gave thee a body, furnished it with weakness but He who gave thee Soul, armed thee with resolution. Employ it, and thou art wise be wise and thou art happy.
Once a wise individual said, Is there any purpose to translating poetry? A poem does not contain information of importance, like a signpost or a warning notice.
Once a wise individual said, If God did not intend for us to eat animals, then why did he make them out of meat?
Once a wise individual said, Not cohabitation but consensus constitutes marriage.
Once a wise individual said, History shows that the majority of people that have done anything great have passed their youth in seclusion.
Once a wise individual said, I feel so lucky to have both a son and a daughter, because there's a different relationship with each of them.
Once a wise individual said, Politicians also have no leisure, because they are always aiming at something beyond political life itself, power and glory, or happiness.
Once a wise individual said, Peace, commerce and honest friendship with all nations entangling alliances with none.
Once a wise individual said, I have loved movies as the number one thing in my life so long that I can't ever remember a time when I didn't.
Once a wise individual said, I have developed a very strong partiality for the dead: they don't talk back, they don't sue, and they don't have angry relatives.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage is a very sacred institution and should not be degraded by allowing every other type of relationship to be made equivalent to it.
Once a wise individual said, The hottest place in Hell is reserved for those who remain neutral in times of great moral conflict.
Once a wise individual said, Rest when you're weary. Refresh and renew yourself, your body, your mind, your spirit. Then get back to work.
Once a wise individual said, Now it is established in the sciences that no knowledge is acquired save through the study of its causes and beginnings, if it has had causes and beginnings nor completed except by knowledge of its accidents and accompanying essentials.
Once a wise individual said, You've got to have dreams to keep you going.
Once a wise individual said, Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war love is a growing up.
Once a wise individual said, James Cagney, Steve McQueen, I loved all those guys. I grew up loving the movies but had no desire to be in them.
Once a wise individual said, I think I usually have quite ordinary dreams. Sometimes my dreams take me to other dimensions. I can travel in my mind especially when I'm dreaming I focus my mind on what I want to dream. If I want to fly, I focus on flying.
Once a wise individual said, If you have four years to complete your college education, do it.
Once a wise individual said, Capital is money, capital is commodities. By virtue of it being value, it has acquired the occult ability to add value to itself. It brings forth living offspring, or, at the least, lays golden eggs.
Once a wise individual said, Literature isn't a moral beauty contest. Its power arises from the authority and audacity with which the impersonation is pulled off the belief it inspires is what counts.
Once a wise individual said, The cloning of humans is on most of the lists of things to worry about from Science, along with behaviour control, genetic engineering, transplanted heads, computer poetry and the unrestrained growth of plastic flowers.
Once a wise individual said, There are people who drove me crazy, but they got the job done. And when I see that person again, I nod my head. Respect.
Once a wise individual said, The great enemy of clear language is insincerity. When there is a gap between one's real and one's declared aims, one turns, as it were, instinctively to long words and exhausted idioms, like a cuttlefish squirting out ink.
Once a wise individual said, Never trust a man who speaks well of everybody.
Once a wise individual said, Throughout my whole life, as a performer, I've never played with a band. I've always played alone, so I was never required to stay in rhythm or anything. So it was a real different experience for me to start playing with a band. There were so many basic things for me to learn.
Once a wise individual said, Movies are something people see all over the world because there is a certain need for it.
Once a wise individual said, It seems that if one is working from the point of view of getting beauty in one's equations, and if one has really a sound insight, one is on a sure line of progress.
Once a wise individual said, Technology is a wonderful tool, but also if used incorrectly a horrible tool. We're fascinated by all aspects of it, whatever makes our human lives easier on the planet, but eventually there will have to be some sort of merger. The fascination isn't going to die down.
Once a wise individual said, I was never very interested in boys - and there were plenty of them - vying with one another to see how many famous women they would get into the hay.
Once a wise individual said, Soon we saw that money going to women brought much more benefit to the family than money going to the men. So we changed our policy and gave a high priority to women. As a result, now 96% of our four million borrowers in Grameen Bank are women.
Once a wise individual said, Gotta stay in the gym, stay funny, stay sharp. I just love working.
Once a wise individual said, War is the greatest plague that can afflict humanity, it destroys religion, it destroys states, it destroys families. Any scourge is preferable to it.
Once a wise individual said, My joking answer to this question is that I leave a bowl of milk out on the back porch every night for the Idea Fairy. In the morning, the milk is gone and there's a brand-new shiny idea by the bowl.
Once a wise individual said, If you stand up and be counted, from time to time you may get yourself knocked down. But remember this: A man flattened by an opponent can get up again. A man flattened by conformity stays down for good.
Once a wise individual said, American history is longer, larger, more various, more beautiful, and more terrible than anything anyone has ever said about it.
Once a wise individual said, Without words, without writing and without books there would be no history, there could be no concept of humanity.
Once a wise individual said, Girls shouldn't worry about being the equal of men in the business world.
Once a wise individual said, Period costume films are fun to discover, but they're not relatable. It's more, 'Wow, that's cool - did it really look like that back then?' Whereas with a comedy, you're like, 'Yeah, that's me, that's my friends.' No matter what, I want people to relate.
Once a wise individual said, I think everyone shares a fear of failure - that you're only as good as your most recent collection. That's definitely a fear, but it's a fear that fuels me, that makes me want to work harder, that makes me take on more challenges.
Once a wise individual said, A little perspective, like a little humor, goes a long way.
Once a wise individual said, A professor is someone who talks in someone else's sleep.
Once a wise individual said, Works of art, in my opinion, are the only objects in the material universe to possess internal order, and that is why, though I don't believe that only art matters, I do believe in Art for Art's sake.
Once a wise individual said, The best thing about giving of ourselves is that what we get is always better than what we give. The reaction is greater than the action.
Once a wise individual said, I thought I was benefiting the Indians as well as the government, by taking them all over the United States, and giving them a correct idea of the customs, life, etc., of the pale faces, so that when they returned to their people they could make known all they had seen.
Once a wise individual said, Roosevelt talked not only about Freedom from Fear, but also Freedom from Want.
Once a wise individual said, A race is a work of art that people can look at and be affected in as many ways they're capable of understanding.
Once a wise individual said, If the object of poetry is, to make men, then poetry is the heir of prophecy.
Once a wise individual said, There's a feeling that strength is determined by the size of a union. That clearly is nonsense.
Once a wise individual said, I am a contradictory mess but I see it as my prerogative to change my mood like the weather.
Once a wise individual said, A couple of months ago, I was down in Florida for the Food and Wine Festival. And this journalist grabbed me and said, 'How does it feel to be a TV guy? You're no longer in the restaurant business.' And I laughed. I asked him, 'How long do you think it takes me to do a season?' He said, 'Well, 200 days.' And I was like, '200 days? Try 20!'
Once a wise individual said, Dude, I didn't say Jude Law can't act. I didn't say Jude Law was in bad movies. I just said he's in every movie.
Once a wise individual said, You're now getting a new breed of people like Il Divo and Andrea Bocelli and I think that's why people feel less intimidated by classical music than they once did.
Once a wise individual said, The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character - that is the goal of true education.
Once a wise individual said, The moving finger writes, and having written moves on. Nor all thy piety nor all thy wit, can cancel half a line of it.
Once a wise individual said, My daughter, the one who lives nearby, is raising her children to be very much aware. We went on a nature walk on Monday I'm learning so much from her.
Once a wise individual said, If I am elected President of these United States, I will work with all my energy and soul to restore that America, to lift our eyes to a better future. That future is our destiny. That future is out there. It is waiting for us. Our children deserve it, our nation depends upon it, the peace and freedom of the world require it.
Once a wise individual said, I want to see as many movies as I can and I covet a lot of weird influential movies.
Once a wise individual said, The mother's battle for her child with sickness, with poverty, with war, with all the forces of exploitation and callousness that cheapen human life needs to become a common human battle, waged in love and in the passion for survival.
Once a wise individual said, True thoughts are those alone which do not understand themselves.
Once a wise individual said, Science is not a heartless pursuit of objective information. It is a creative human activity, its geniuses acting more as artists than as information processors.
Once a wise individual said, Testing leads to failure, and failure leads to understanding.
Once a wise individual said, I tried the Atkins diet in the Seventies when pregnant with my son, as I didn't want to pile on the pounds. Now, so long as I'm healthy, I don't care what my scales say.
Once a wise individual said, One of the things that I've always thought I would like to do is to develop an environmental index. Then people can measure their own environmental performance on an index as they do in other ways.
Once a wise individual said, Education, like neurosis, begins at home.
Once a wise individual said, I just wish I could understand my father.
Once a wise individual said, Poverty is uncomfortable but nine times out of ten the best thing that can happen to a young man is to be tossed overboard and compelled to sink or swim.
Once a wise individual said, Those youngsters go out there and set a record and clinch the pole position. But what do you do if you wreck your car. That record doesn't spend too well.
Once a wise individual said, I've come to the conclusion that beautiful women in the West aren't comfortable finding strength in their femininity. They want to do masculine-oriented things to establish their femininity. It's a contradiction.
Once a wise individual said, As all human beings are, in my view, creatures of God's design, we must respect all other human beings. That does not mean I have to agree with their choices or agree with their opinions, but indeed I respect them as human beings.
Once a wise individual said, All is disgust when a man leaves his own nature and does what is unfit.
Once a wise individual said, I'd love to pop back into 'Being Human' as Adam. I love the character so much. I've never really played a character like that. I'm always playing the geek, so to play a kid who is very energetic when he wants to be, and who is always trying to get the girls, was really cool.
Once a wise individual said, The supreme lesson of any education should be to think for yourself and to be yourself absent this attainment, education creates dangerous, stupefying conformity.
Once a wise individual said, In formal logic, a contradiction is the signal of defeat, but in the evolution of real knowledge it marks the first step in progress toward a victory.
Once a wise individual said, You cannot do anything without God.It's a profound and elemental truth. Not, you cannot do most things without God. You will not be able to do anything that you want, truly, in fulfillment, without God.
Once a wise individual said, When small men attempt great enterprises, they always end by reducing them to the level of their mediocrity.
Once a wise individual said, I wasn't really a work conscious type of person.
Once a wise individual said, The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.
Once a wise individual said, To harmonize the One with the Many, this is indeed a difficult adjustment, perhaps the most difficult of all, and so important, withal, that nations have perished from their failure to achieve it.
Once a wise individual said, I've been asked to do action-oriented movies in the past and they just haven't been right for me.
Once a wise individual said, My teenage years were exactly what they were supposed to be. Everybody has their own path. It's laid out for you. It's just up to you to walk it.
Once a wise individual said, Our life always expresses the result of our dominant thoughts.
Once a wise individual said, The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
Once a wise individual said, I love the paranormal, because there, every genre I write can become one beacon for my imagination.
Once a wise individual said, Whoever renders service to many puts himself in line for greatness - great wealth, great return, great satisfaction, great reputation, and great joy.
Once a wise individual said, I think the amazing thing about gospel music is that not only does it lift up the death and resurrection of our Lord, which is consistent with the Gospel, but it is uniquely communicated depending upon the generation.
Once a wise individual said, On one of the most personal matters of our lives, our health care, President Obama would turn decision making over to government bureaucrats. He forced through Obama-care and I will repeal it.
Once a wise individual said, People don't understand computers. Computers are magical boxes that do things. People believe what computers tell them.
Once a wise individual said, I don't see that any buildings should be excluded from the term architecture, as long as they are done properly.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a huge fan of Chicago sports and Chicago food, and I love going home and my family is still there. I guess it's pretty easy to have a normal life in Chicago.
Once a wise individual said, A guilty conscience needs to confess. A work of art is a confession.
Once a wise individual said, I will govern my life and thoughts as if the whole world were to see the one and read the other, for what does it signify to make anything a secret to my neighbor, when to God, who is the searcher of our hearts, all our privacies are open?
Once a wise individual said, Everything great in the world comes from neurotics. They alone have founded our religions and composed our masterpieces.
Once a wise individual said, To be able to sit in Donald Trump's apartment and talk about the future of corporate real estate was amazing.
Once a wise individual said, The compensation of a very early success is a conviction that life is a romantic matter. In the best sense one stays young.
Once a wise individual said, To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
Once a wise individual said, I approach love differently now that I know it's hard for it to work out.
Once a wise individual said, If some great catastrophe is not announced every morning, we feel a certain void. Nothing in the paper today, we sigh.
Once a wise individual said, Knowledge is not a passion from without the mind, but an active exertion of the inward strength, vigor and power of the mind, displaying itself from within.
Once a wise individual said, When it becomes a revolutionary act to eat real food, we are in trouble.
Once a wise individual said, There are days when solitude is a heady wine that intoxicates you with freedom, others when it is a bitter tonic, and still others when it is a poison that makes you beat your head against the wall.
Once a wise individual said, If you told me when I was a teen that I would end up being a teacher, I would have said you're out of your mind, because quite frankly I hated school.
Once a wise individual said, I think you have to be cool to be a good flirt, and I don't think I'm very cool.
Once a wise individual said, I am artistic so I reserve the right to change my mind at any point. I just like to do different things. What is more important than the name is that people know that I really like acting, I enjoy it and I want people to know that I am serious.
Once a wise individual said, There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money.
Once a wise individual said, There's always something to suggest that you'll never be who you wanted to be. Your choice is to take it or keep on moving.
Once a wise individual said, I think there should be holy war against yoga classes.
Once a wise individual said, Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.
Once a wise individual said, If a dog jumps into your lap, it is because he is fond of you but if a cat does the same thing, it is because your lap is warmer.
Once a wise individual said, It was a very profound experience, getting in touch with that part of us, in all of us human beings, that is committed beyond yourself to the point of giving everything you have, including your life, for other people, for your fellow man.
Once a wise individual said, I'd like to introduce someone who has just come into my life. I've admired him for 35 years. He's someone who represents integrity, honesty, art, and on top of that stuff I'm actually sleeping with him.
Once a wise individual said, Art is not a handicraft, it is the transmission of feeling the artist has experienced.
Once a wise individual said, The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission.
Once a wise individual said, Having been let out of the barn once, I know I wouldn't be happy if I were home all the time.
Once a wise individual said, It's interesting to see what people are saying about me. I like keep up with the latest rumors! A while back there was a rumor that I was going to do a film with Demi Moore about the takeover of Commodore computers!
Once a wise individual said, I learned much more about acting from philosophy courses, psychology courses, history and anthropology than I ever learned in acting class.
Once a wise individual said, Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.
Once a wise individual said, Office politics are bloody-minded, but weak on content.
Once a wise individual said, Words, once they are printed, have a life of their own.
Once a wise individual said, He too serves a certain purpose who only stands and cheers.
Once a wise individual said, I guess I have always been deeply terrified to really be someone's wife since I know from life one cannot love another, ever, really.
Once a wise individual said, Home life is no more natural to us than a cage is natural to a cockatoo.
Once a wise individual said, Knowledge and human power are synonymous.
Once a wise individual said, There are some people so addicted to exaggeration that they can't tell the truth without lying.
Once a wise individual said, I wanted to travel from the beginning. As a kid, I used to dream about airplanes, before I ever flew in one.
Once a wise individual said, Music is a weapon in the war against unhappiness.
Once a wise individual said, Performance capture is a technology, not a genre it's just another way of recording an actor's performance.
Once a wise individual said, I'm married to the theater but my mistress is the films.
Once a wise individual said, I had been a reporter for 15 years when I set out to write my first novel. I knew how to research an article or profile a subject - skills that I assumed would be useless when it came to fiction. It was from my imagination that the characters in my story would emerge.
Once a wise individual said, But if our nation goes over a financial Niagara, we won't have much strength and, eventually, we won't have peace. We are currently borrowing the entire defense budget from foreign investors. Within a few years, we will be spending more on interest payments than on national security. That is not, as our military friends say, a 'robust strategy.'
Once a wise individual said, Our goals for this nation must be nothing less than to double the size of our economy and bring prosperity and jobs, ownership and equality of opportunity to all Americans, especially those living in our nation's pockets of poverty.
Once a wise individual said, Not much shocked me. You know, I worked in a home for Alzheimer's patients and my dad used to be really into murders and stuff, so I saw dead bodies. It desensitised me to a lot of things.
Once a wise individual said, Being a celebrity you always get really good seats to sporting events but you never get as good seats as the photographers get. And I really love sports. So one of the scams I have going now is I want to learn sports photography so I can get better seats at a sporting event.
Once a wise individual said, The great leaders are like the best conductors - they reach beyond the notes to reach the magic in the players.
Once a wise individual said, It is an axiom, enforced by all the experience of the ages, that they who rule industrially will rule politically.
Once a wise individual said, To us Americans much has been given of us much is required. With all our faults and mistakes, it is our strength in support of the freedom our forefathers loved which has saved mankind from subjection to totalitarian power.
Once a wise individual said, Too often the great decisions are originated and given form in bodies made up wholly of men, or so completely dominated by them that whatever of special value women have to offer is shunted aside without expression.
Once a wise individual said, War is the supreme drama of a completely mechanized society.
Once a wise individual said, It is a happy thing that there is no royal road to poetry. The world should know by this time that one cannot reach Parnassus except by flying thither.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a Gemini, so I change my mind every day.
Once a wise individual said, Man doesn't dictate what you do or how you do it. If you believe in God, believe in God have your faith in him. That's where my faith lies.
Once a wise individual said, I'm either going to go completely mental, completely bankrupt, or have the best success of my life.
Once a wise individual said, Unfortunately, the elimination of incentives such as parole, good time credits and funding for college courses, means that fewer inmates participate in and excel in literacy, education, treatment and other development programs.
Once a wise individual said, There are two kinds of teachers: the kind that fill you with so much quail shot that you can't move, and the kind that just gives you a little prod behind and you jump to the skies.
Once a wise individual said, Jews survived all the defeats, expulsions, persecutions and pogroms, the centuries in which they were regarded as a pariah people, even the Holocaust itself, because they never gave up the faith that one day they would be free to live as Jews without fear.
Once a wise individual said, So many people release albums before Christmas and they get lost in the Christmas rush.
Once a wise individual said, There's a sort of sibling moratorium when you're establishing yourself as an adult. So much of your energy has to be focused on other things like work and kids. But when people become more settled, siblings tend to regroup because now you're building a new extended family.
Once a wise individual said, You don't have to be the Dalai Lama to tell people that life's about change.
Once a wise individual said, No poem is easily grasped so why should any reader expect fast results?
Once a wise individual said, If there is dissatisfaction with the status quo, good. If there is ferment, so much the better. If there is restlessness, I am pleased. Then let there be ideas, and hard thought, and hard work. If man feels small, let man make himself bigger.
Once a wise individual said, I wasn't some weird loner in school, but I definitely wasn't invited to any of the cool parties.
Once a wise individual said, I learned law so well, the day I graduated I sued the college, won the case, and got my tuition back.
Once a wise individual said, The most amazing thing to me about the sea is the tide. A harbour like St. Ives is totally transformed in a very short space of time by the arrival or departure of the sea.
Once a wise individual said, I never played sports. I wasn't any good at them.
Once a wise individual said, I never found accents difficult, after learning languages.
Once a wise individual said, Getting married, for me, was the best thing I ever did. I was suddenly beset with an immense sense of release, that we have something more important than our separate selves, and that is the marriage. There's immense happiness that can come from working towards that.
Once a wise individual said, Taking it in its wider and generic application, I understand faith to be the supplement of sense or, to change the phrase, all knowledge which comes not to us through our senses we gain by faith in others.
Once a wise individual said, Let both sides seek to invoke the wonders of science instead of its terrors. Together let us explore the stars, conquer the deserts, eradicate disease, tap the ocean depths, and encourage the arts and commerce.
Once a wise individual said, Each child is an adventure into a better life - an opportunity to change the old pattern and make it new.
Once a wise individual said, A universe with a God would look quite different from a universe without one. A physics, a biology where there is a God is bound to look different. So the most basic claims of religion are scientific. Religion is a scientific theory.
Once a wise individual said, Religion can emerge in all forms of feeling: here wild anger, there the sweetest pain here consuming hatred, there the childlike smile of serene humility.
Once a wise individual said, All soldiers who serve their country and put their lives at risk need to know that if something happens to them, their families will be well taken care of. That's the bond we have with our military men and women and their families.
Once a wise individual said, I think the biggest thing is clean as you go. Wash all your knives, cutting boards, dishes, when you are done cooking, not look at a sink full of dishes after you are done. Cleaning as you go helps keep away cross contamination and you avoid having food borne bacteria.
Once a wise individual said, Ironing boards are a classic example of something I find horrible about modern society: the excitementation, for want of a better word, of mundane things.
Once a wise individual said, If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.
Once a wise individual said, I could be on 52nd and Third in Manhattan up and ask a strange for directions and they will help you, that's a rural heart. Your car breaks down in the middle of Iowa or somewhere, or Tennessee where I'm from, people want to help each other. Given each opportunity, you see how people come together.
Once a wise individual said, We need a new religion.
Once a wise individual said, We of Africa protest that, in this day and age, we should continue to be treated as lesser human beings than other races.
Once a wise individual said, My father instilled in me the attitude of prevailing. If there's a challenge, go for it. If there's a wall to break down, break it down.
Once a wise individual said, There are some people who become best friends with everyone they photograph. There are people that I really like and admire and respect, but in a way I think it's better to keep a distance. I think you get better pictures of people that you don't know very well.
Once a wise individual said, We need more of the Office Desk and less of the Show Window in politics. Let men in office substitute the midnight oil for the limelight.
Once a wise individual said, My new movie, Fools Rush In, is a romantic comedy and the girl I play in that is very warm, very sweet.
Once a wise individual said, Patience is the best medicine.
Once a wise individual said, There is something about the South that accepts the supernatural. If you don't accept it and you're having a conversation with someone who does, it's just one of those polite things where you don't question their belief in ghosts. You just go, 'Oh, yeah, okay.' It's amazing to be able to have conversations like that.
Once a wise individual said, Passion is universal humanity. Without it religion, history, romance and art would be useless.
Once a wise individual said, Reading about nature is fine, but if a person walks in the woods and listens carefully, he can learn more than what is in books, for they speak with the voice of God.
Once a wise individual said, When the tyrant has disposed of foreign enemies by conquest or treaty, and there is nothing more to fear from them, then he is always stirring up some war or other, in order that the people may require a leader.
Once a wise individual said, Give me a couple of years, and I'll make that actress an overnight success.
Once a wise individual said, Perhaps the mission of those who love mankind is to make people laugh at the truth, to make truth laugh, because the only truth lies in learning to free ourselves from insane passion for the truth.
Once a wise individual said, Success is getting what you want. Happiness is liking what you get.
Once a wise individual said, It is a sad fact about our culture that a poet can earn much more money writing or talking about his art than he can by practicing it.
Once a wise individual said, The first condition of education is being able to put someone to wholesome and meaningful work.
Once a wise individual said, A year is an eternity in politics - though less than a moment in history.
Once a wise individual said, Civil marriage, like all civil rights provided by the government, must be provided equally to all Americans.
Once a wise individual said, God proved His love on the Cross. When Christ hung, and bled, and died, it was God saying to the world, 'I love you.'
Once a wise individual said, I had to learn my faith and look after my family, and I had to make priorities. But now I've done it all and there's a little space for me to fill in the universe of music again.
Once a wise individual said, So many financial dreams are thwarted by the failure to act upon good intentions.
Once a wise individual said, Politics has become so expensive that it takes a lot of money even to be defeated.
Once a wise individual said, Planning cities is a necessary but risky business.
Once a wise individual said, We need to be aware of what we are capable of first and realize that if you place your dreams really really high, you do have the potential to get to that level.
Once a wise individual said, Eighty percent of all choices are based on fear. Most people don't choose what they want they choose what they think is safe.
Once a wise individual said, If guys don't respect themselves, they don't respect other people. That's times and personalities. And all of them are not that way. But it don't take but one or two to screw up the whole crowd.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes, surely, truth is closer to imagination or to intelligence, to love than to fact? To be accurate is not to be right.
Once a wise individual said, Many people say I smile more in Africa than in Sweden.
Once a wise individual said, When we talk about how movies used to be made, it was over 100 years of film, literal, physical film, with emulsion, that we would expose to light and we would get pictures.
Once a wise individual said, God is, even though the whole world deny him. Truth stands, even if there be no public support. It is self-sustained.
Once a wise individual said, There is a sacredness in tears. They are not the mark of weakness, but of power. They speak more eloquently than ten thousand tongues. They are the messengers of overwhelming grief, of deep contrition, and of unspeakable love.
Once a wise individual said, Your enjoyment of the world is never right, till every morning you awake in Heaven: see yourself in your Father's palace and look upon the skies, the earth, and the air as celestial joys: having such a reverend esteem of all, as if you were among the angels.
Once a wise individual said, I have become a queer mixture of the East and the West, out of place everywhere, at home nowhere.
Once a wise individual said, Melville brought to the task a sound knowledge of actual whaling, much curious learning in the literature of the subject, and, above all, an imagination which worked with great power upon the facts of his own experience.
Once a wise individual said, I'm vegan on home base, but when I travel to other countries, I throw it all into the garbage.
Once a wise individual said, Reasoning draws a conclusion, but does not make the conclusion certain, unless the mind discovers it by the path of experience.
Once a wise individual said, I've seen little pieces of 'Interview with a Vampire' when it was on TV, but I kind of always go yuck! I don't watch R-rated movies, so that really cuts down on a lot of the horror.
Once a wise individual said, The best teamwork comes from men who are working independently toward one goal in unison.
Once a wise individual said, I'd visit the near future, close enough that someone might want to talk to Larry Niven and can figure out the language distant enough to get me decent medical techniques and a ticket to the Moon.
Once a wise individual said, There used to be this country called the Soviet Union it's not there anymore. Our technology was better than theirs.
Once a wise individual said, From their teenage years on, children are considerably more capable of causing parents unhappiness than bringing them happiness. That is one reason parents who rely on their children for happiness make both their children and themselves miserable.
Once a wise individual said, They have called Operation Iraqi Freedom a war of choice that isn't part of the real war on terror. Someone should tell that to al Qaeda.
Once a wise individual said, The difficulties we face originate from one of three sources. Some are sent to us by the Lord to test our faith, others are the result of Satan's attacks, and still others are due to our own sinful choices.
Once a wise individual said, If we pollute the air, water and soil that keep us alive and well, and destroy the biodiversity that allows natural systems to function, no amount of money will save us.
Once a wise individual said, Religion is the masterpiece of the art of animal training, for it trains people as to how they shall think.
Once a wise individual said, Nothing is so strongly fortified that it cannot be taken by money.
Once a wise individual said, It's the same each time with progress. First they ignore you, then they say you're mad, then dangerous, then there's a pause and then you can't find anyone who disagrees with you.
Once a wise individual said, The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well, and doing well whatever you do without thought of fame. If it comes at all it will come because it is deserved, not because it is sought after.
Once a wise individual said, There is no great genius without a mixture of madness.
Once a wise individual said, Eternal truth, eternal righteousness, eternal love these only can triumph, for these only can endure.
Once a wise individual said, Of course, the ideal scenario for parenting is obviously two parents of a mature age.
Once a wise individual said, When one may pay out over two million dollars to presidential and Congressional campaigns, the U.S. government is virtually up for sale.
Once a wise individual said, Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
Once a wise individual said, Those people who develop the ability to continuously acquire new and better forms of knowledge that they can apply to their work and to their lives will be the movers and shakers in our society for the indefinite future.
Once a wise individual said, He who wants to persuade should put his trust not in the right argument, but in the right word. The power of sound has always been greater than the power of sense.
Once a wise individual said, I bought a lot of rubbish things that kids buy: skateboards and clothes and typical teenage stuff. And, as soon as I could, I wasted a lot of money on cars - BMW's mostly - for myself and my family.
Once a wise individual said, A tyrant must put on the appearance of uncommon devotion to religion. Subjects are less apprehensive of illegal treatment from a ruler whom they consider god-fearing and pious. On the other hand, they do less easily move against him, believing that he has the gods on his side.
Once a wise individual said, Many men owe the grandeur of their lives to their tremendous difficulties.
Once a wise individual said, You can do more good by being good than any other way.
Once a wise individual said, We don't need new taxes. We need new taxpayers, people that are gainfully employed, making money and paying into the tax system. And then we need a government that has the discipline to take that additional revenue and use it to pay down the debt and never grow it again.
Once a wise individual said, The secret to being a writer is that you have to write. It's not enough to think about writing or to study literature or plan a future life as an author. You really have to lock yourself away, alone, and get to work.
Once a wise individual said, Let there be work, bread, water and salt for all.
Once a wise individual said, Wisdom is keeping a sense of fallibility of all our views and opinions.
Once a wise individual said, If some peoples pretend that history or geography gives them the right to subjugate other races, nations, or peoples, there can be no peace.
Once a wise individual said, My daughter's mother and I are no longer dating, and the people I'm most likely to date are those around me, who are athletes.
Once a wise individual said, Faith is not a notion, but a real strong essential hunger, an attracting or magnetic desire of Christ, which as it proceeds from a seed of the divine nature in us, so it attracts and unites with its like.
Once a wise individual said, They taught us because they wanted to pass the knowledge on and educate young musicians. It was not because they had to teach because they failed as musicians. There is a huge difference in the reasons why someone is teaching and what they can offer and what they cannot offer.
Once a wise individual said, Whether one believes or not, religion is as real a force in the life of the world as economics or politics, and it demands fair-minded attention. Even if you think the entire religious enterprise is at best misguided and at worst counterproductive, it remains vital, inspiring great good and, sometimes, great evil.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of my emotional issues come from dealing with the opposite sex. I've come to terms with the fact that I'll be retired before I can finally enter into a healthy relationship.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of people put pressure on themselves and think it will be way too hard for them to live out their dreams. Mentors are there to say, 'Look, it's not that tough. It's not as hard as you think. Here are some guidelines and things I have gone through to get to where I am in my career.'
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is all that is worth remembering in life.
Once a wise individual said, Each problem that I solved became a rule, which served afterwards to solve other problems.
Once a wise individual said, L.A.'s cool I had a run with it to where it just pretty much wore me out. I love the weather and I have great friends there, great family, but I really cannot take a lot of the culture. Like Nashville, where everybody's a songwriter, everybody out there is an actor.
Once a wise individual said, I think we can get respect for Parliament back providing governments and oppositions are frank.
Once a wise individual said, No doubt it is true that science cannot study God, but it hardly follows that God had to keep a safe distance from everything that scientists want to study.
Once a wise individual said, I have worked on very good movies that have been buried, and I've worked on some resounding mediocrities that have been paraded through the marketplace like they were masterpieces.
Once a wise individual said, Patriotism is an instant reaction that fades away when the war starts.
Once a wise individual said, I was taught a lot of Bible at home and had a voracious appetite for reading the Bible.
Once a wise individual said, Chicken fat, beef fat, fish fat, fried foods - these are the foods that fuel our fat genes by giving them raw materials for building body fat.
Once a wise individual said, Man alone is born crying, lives complaining, and dies disappointed.
Once a wise individual said, Silence is a source of great strength.
Once a wise individual said, We've got people looking at our seamy side and our sad side a lot of the time because that's easier. It's much more difficult to make a film about happiness with lots of jokes in it.
Once a wise individual said, It's hard for women who make a lot of money and make decisions all day long, then they have to come home and be 'Stupid Sally.' Men need respect, and they need to know that they can lead in the relationship, so even if they don't make the most money they need to be able to call the shots.
Once a wise individual said, We need to drive down requirements for the schools. In the 19th century, we increased the quality of the schools by higher education saying, 'You can't come in unless you have these skills, unless you've taken these courses.' We did that in Wisconsin when I was there, it helped to transform the secondary school system.
Once a wise individual said, If you are kept in ignorance of the true way and permit yourself to rely upon and be guided by the opinion of imperfect man, you can never gain the riches that will bring you peace and lasting happiness.
Once a wise individual said, Life is a travelling to the edge of knowledge, then a leap taken.
Once a wise individual said, Most men are individuals no longer so far as their business, its activities, or its moralities are concerned. They are not units but fractions.
Once a wise individual said, Every single soul is a poem.
Once a wise individual said, Men become much more attractive when they start looking older. But it doesn't do much for women, though we do have an advantage: make-up.
Once a wise individual said, I lost my second marriage because of drinking, and I loved the woman very much. But I thought I needed booze to write. I'm glad I was disabused.
Once a wise individual said, The freedom to connect to the world anywhere at anytime brings with it the threat of unscrupulous predators and criminals who mask their activities with the anonymity the Internet provides to its users.
Once a wise individual said, People know that they're going to see something which is entertaining but challenging as well because of the form it's in. It's dance theatre and it requires you to use your imagination - it's not straight forward.
Once a wise individual said, This society in which we live is radically changing. What previous generations saw as evil is now embraced as being good. It is a dangerous and slippery slope upon which we stand when we reject what Solomon called the beginning of wisdom - the fear of God.
Once a wise individual said, You only grow when you are alone.
Once a wise individual said, The essence of a free government consists in an effectual control of rivalries.
Once a wise individual said, You don't have to save the world, but you can be in the world-that's where the beauty comes from.
Once a wise individual said, The great advantage of a hotel is that it is a refuge from home life.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of the high-level sports are really in your mind.
Once a wise individual said, Faith in God's revelation has nothing to do with an ideology which glorifies the status quo.
Once a wise individual said, Grandeur and beauty are so very opposite, that you often diminish the one as you increase the other. Variety is most akin to the latter, simplicity to the former.
Once a wise individual said, Mainly what I learned from Buddy... was an attitude. He loved music, and he taught me that it shouldn't have any barriers to it.
Once a wise individual said, For a good 10 to 12 years, I was working non-stop and I wasn't really enjoying my success.
Once a wise individual said, I will argue that in the literal sense the programmed computer understands what the car and the adding machine understand, namely, exactly nothing.
Once a wise individual said, No matter how old and glorious the models, sad indeed is the woman who sees fashion as a means of self-expression rather than an agent of social control.
Once a wise individual said, An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.
Once a wise individual said, Character is the basis of happiness and happiness the sanction of character.
Once a wise individual said, Selfishness is the only real atheism unselfishness the only real religion.
Once a wise individual said, There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past.
Once a wise individual said, People are scared to death of dying. I am the opposite.
Once a wise individual said, When anything goes, it's women who lose.
Once a wise individual said, You'll never convince me there is a hopeless situation or there is any finality in any success or any failure.
Once a wise individual said, Forgiveness is the final form of love.
Once a wise individual said, We will not have peace by afterthought.
Once a wise individual said, War is just a racket... I believe in adequate defense at the coastline and nothing else.
Once a wise individual said, I put on the best live show, the absolute best live show I can possibly can.
Once a wise individual said, It is only in the act of nursing that a woman realizes her motherhood in visible and tangible fashion it is a joy of every moment.
Once a wise individual said, But the problem is that when I go around and speak on campuses, I still don't get young men standing up and saying, 'How can I combine career and family?'
Once a wise individual said, To drive an F1 car you have to be a little mad. On the morning of a race there's a mix of excitement and fear. If it's a wet track, then it's worse as you're not in control most of the time, which is the thing all drivers fear the most.
Once a wise individual said, Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend.
Once a wise individual said, All religions have been made by men.
Once a wise individual said, Don't follow any advice, no matter how good, until you feel as deeply in your spirit as you think in your mind that the counsel is wise.
Once a wise individual said, Dignity is not negotiable. Dignity is the honor of the family.
Once a wise individual said, Don't wait for extraordinary opportunities. Seize common occasions and make them great. Weak men wait for opportunities strong men make them.
Once a wise individual said, I went to art school actually when I was sixteen years old.
Once a wise individual said, For a modern woman it is important to be supported and that there is equality in every aspect, and that it's not two halves that make a whole - it's two wholes that make a whole.
Once a wise individual said, I fly economy. I do often fly first class, but I don't travel with a posse, or bodyguard, or an assistant.
Once a wise individual said, It was one of those great miracles of history that they managed to smuggle an Enigma machines out to Britain just before they were invaded by the Nazis.
Once a wise individual said, You learn about equality in history and civics, but you find out life is not really like that.
Once a wise individual said, It's not the style that motivates me, as much as an attitude of openness that I have when I go into a project.
Once a wise individual said, You never know if you're a writer. You can't trust it. If you woke up and said, 'I'm a writer,' it would be gone. You wouldn't see anything for miles - even the dust would be running away.
Once a wise individual said, Of all that is good, sublimity is supreme. Succeeding is the coming together of all that is beautiful. Furtherance is the agreement of all that is just. Perseverance is the foundation of all actions.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage destroyed my relationship with two wonderful men.
Once a wise individual said, A dying man needs to die, as a sleepy man needs to sleep, and there comes a time when it is wrong, as well as useless, to resist.
Once a wise individual said, There is an electric fire in human nature tending to purify - so that among these human creatures there is continually some birth of new heroism. The pity is that we must wonder at it, as we should at finding a pearl in rubbish.
Once a wise individual said, Trust is the lubrication that makes it possible for organizations to work.
Once a wise individual said, Once you get a spice in your home, you have it forever. Women never throw out spices. The Egyptians were buried with their spices. I know which one I'm taking with me when I go.
Once a wise individual said, Relationships are so much a rerun of our parental relationships. We're rerunning the relationship they were in together and we're rerunning the relationship we had with them with our lover.
Once a wise individual said, I think, my generation, it's hard to have hope when you got a $700-trillion derivatives debt to pay and a bubble about to explode and $500 trillion worth of GDP.
Once a wise individual said, Work and struggle and never accept an evil that you can change.
Once a wise individual said, It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. This is how the whole scheme of things works. All good things are difficult to achieve and bad things are very easy to get.
Once a wise individual said, I've spent a lot of time and money trying to keep my anger in control.
Once a wise individual said, Truth is the ultimate power. When the truth comes around, all the lies have to run and hide.
Once a wise individual said, Philosophy and Art both render the invisible visible by imagination.
Once a wise individual said, To rise from error to truth is rare and beautiful.
Once a wise individual said, There is no surer sign of decay in a country than to see the rites of religion held in contempt.
Once a wise individual said, Friendship, like love, is destroyed by long absence, though it may be increased by short intermissions.
Once a wise individual said, The most practical kind of politics is the politics of decency.
Once a wise individual said, Music is hugely important to me.
Once a wise individual said, I'd never been in play long enough for the flowers to die in the dressing room.
Once a wise individual said, Stories in which the destruction of society occurs are explorations of social fears and issues that filmmakers, novelists, playwrights, painters have been examining for a long time.
Once a wise individual said, I'm actually a very honest person, and sometimes I end up like, 'Man, I said too much.' It's hard for me not to tell the truth when you ask me.
Once a wise individual said, Individual rights are the means of subordinating society to moral law.
Once a wise individual said, Yeah. I've been pretty fortunate to travel I guess, all around the place.
Once a wise individual said, I have a piece of great and sad news to tell you: I am dead.
Once a wise individual said, An 'unemployed' existence is a worse negation of life than death itself.
Once a wise individual said, Aye, I'm tellin' ye, happiness is one of the few things in this world that doubles every time you share it with someone else.
Once a wise individual said, Even in the common affairs of life, in love, friendship, and marriage, how little security have we when we trust our happiness in the hands of others!
Once a wise individual said, When I started out, I didn't have any desire to be an actress or to learn how to act. I just wanted to be famous.
Once a wise individual said, There is no more difficult art to acquire than the art of observation, and for some men it is quite as difficult to record an observation in brief and plain language.
Once a wise individual said, Art is never finished, only abandoned.
Once a wise individual said, My practicality consists in this, in the knowledge that if you beat your head against the wall it is your head which breaks and not the wall - that is my strength, my only strength.
Once a wise individual said, The House Republican leadership has simply run out of ideas.
Once a wise individual said, Women must tell men always that they are the strong ones. They are the big, the strong, the wonderful. In truth, women are the strong ones. It is just my opinion, I am not a professor.
Once a wise individual said, If not for music, I would probably be a very frustrated scientist. It's one way to answer the question, 'What is the meaning of life?' I feel music answers it better.
Once a wise individual said, Time is the school in which we learn, time is the fire in which we burn.
Once a wise individual said, Bankers - pillars of society who are going to hell if there is a God and He has been accurately quoted.
Once a wise individual said, Washington, D.C. is what is broken, not the immigration policies. We have good laws. We have people suffer every day because of government's failure to enforce the law and be respectful to the process we have. We have a pathway to citizenship already in place.
Once a wise individual said, Thank God men cannot fly, and lay waste the sky as well as the earth.
Once a wise individual said, Honest pioneer work in the field of science has always been, and will continue to be, life's pilot. On all sides, life is surrounded by hostility. This puts us under an obligation.
Once a wise individual said, Every silver lining has a cloud.
Once a wise individual said, While many of us never knew Ronald Reagan personally, we felt close to him because we shared his lighthearted sense of humor, admired his uncommon virtue, and were moved by his remarkable wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, I've never been a hands-on dad. I'm not ashamed to admit it, but you can't run a restaurant and be home for tea at 4:30 and bath and change nappies.
Once a wise individual said, Monica Seles: I'd hate to be next door to her on her wedding night.
Once a wise individual said, The progress of freedom depends more upon the maintenance of peace, the spread of commerce, and the diffusion of education, than upon the labors of cabinets and foreign offices.
Once a wise individual said, My mom was a seamstress, and I wish I'd learned to sew because I'm obsessed with 'Project Runway!'
Once a wise individual said, It really means a lot that I won the gold medal - but I woke up the next morning expecting to feel different. I felt the same.
Once a wise individual said, I think ABBA have a pure joy to their music and that's what makes them extraordinary.
Once a wise individual said, One of the tough things about being an actor, probably the hardest thing, is getting your foot in the door, and my father handled that for me at a very early age.
Once a wise individual said, Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh.
Once a wise individual said, The more bombers, the less room for doves of peace.
Once a wise individual said, Banks are an almost irresistible attraction for that element of our society which seeks unearned money.
Once a wise individual said, An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets the more interested he is in her.
Once a wise individual said, Great thoughts speak only to the thoughtful mind, but great actions speak to all mankind.
Once a wise individual said, The God who existed before any religion counts on you to make the oneness of the human family known and celebrated.
Once a wise individual said, God didn't make a mistake when He made you. You need to see yourself as God sees you.
Once a wise individual said, It will give them the opportunity to show themselves worthy of the respect and friendship of peace-loving nations, and in time, to take an honorable place among members of the United Nations.
Once a wise individual said, Racism is taught in the home. We agree on that? Well, it's very hard to teach racism to a teenager who's listening to rap music and who idolizes, say, Snoop Dogg. It's hard to say, 'That guy is less than you.' The kid is like, 'I like that guy, he's cool. How is he less than me?
Once a wise individual said, Jesus didn't say, 'Blessed are those who care for the poor.' He said, 'Blessed are we where we are poor, where we are broken.' It is there that God loves us deeply and pulls us into deeper communion with himself.
Once a wise individual said, I speak directly to the people, and I know that the people of California want to have better leadership. They want to have great leadership. They want to have somebody that will represent them. And it doesn't matter if you're a Democrat or a Republican, young or old.
Once a wise individual said, Very much like that, and very much a loner, do you know and I didn't fit really into sport or all kind of group activities as a kid, I couldn't find a niche. And music was not really part of the kind of village curriculum it would, you know.
Once a wise individual said, Our Nation must defend the sanctity of marriage.
Once a wise individual said, Entertainment isn't just based on the very structured syndrome of European popular music, and it's great that there are so many thousands of people who are of the same opinion.
Once a wise individual said, People go to the movies to watch a film and all they're thinking about is the actress's cellulite they saw in a magazine.
Once a wise individual said, Women will never be as successful as men because they have no wives to advise them.
Once a wise individual said, A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore.
Once a wise individual said, A wise woman never yields by appointment. It should always be an unforeseen happiness.
Once a wise individual said, It is not ignorance but knowledge which is the mother of wonder.
Once a wise individual said, Voters don't have to love him, Romney advisers say, but they will respect him.
Once a wise individual said, The primary requisite for writing well about food is a good appetite. Without this, it is impossible to accumulate, within the allotted span, enough experience of eating to have anything worth setting down.
Once a wise individual said, I feel good because I believe I have made progress in rebuilding the people's trust in their government.
Once a wise individual said, No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
Once a wise individual said, I am totally against the idea that a Muslim woman should not have the same opportunities as a Muslim man to learn, to open up, to work, help shape the future. To close Islam down to a sexist approach is totally intolerable and ridiculous. It's not Islam.
Once a wise individual said, We have to pray with our eyes on God, not on the difficulties.
Once a wise individual said, I never dreamt of being a musician for my livelihood. I certainly never would have wanted to be in the business that I'm in, meaning the fame and the glory, the glitter, the rock star, the famous part.
Once a wise individual said, It's easy to sit in relative luxury and peace and pontificate on the subject of the Third World debts.
Once a wise individual said, When I was in school I read a lot of comic books and pretend I was in them and kids would tease me and call me names. But now I do the same things and people say that I'm artistic and cool and I'm doing the exact same thing I did in high school.
Once a wise individual said, I think anybody who has had a long relationship and has had a really hard time letting go, wants to feel like it's not all for naught, and it's meaningful, because it makes you who you are.
Once a wise individual said, A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
Once a wise individual said, I had to choose, I'd be so sad. They are flip sides of the same coin. I love both comedy and drama.
Once a wise individual said, Patience is the companion of wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, It's not always possible to sit down and eat at home in this day and age of fast-paced living, but if you are going to eat out, do so as a family and support all the great local places in your areas. I'll still eat at the same diner I did as a kid with my parents.
Once a wise individual said, Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
Once a wise individual said, There are no such things as applied sciences, only applications of science.
Once a wise individual said, I'm sure there were times when I wish I had thought, 'Gosh, that might really embarrass mom and dad,' but our parents didn't raise us to think about them. They're very selfless and they wanted us to have as normal of a college life as possible. So really, we didn't think of any repercussions.
Once a wise individual said, I suppose I'm intrigued with the bad traits of society, because I'm a part of society, and the bad traits pose the dangerous questions for our future.
Once a wise individual said, Depend upon it there comes a time when for every addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before. It is of the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out the useful ones.
Once a wise individual said, It is clear I was never the Pretty Girl. I had my two front teeth knocked out when I was 10 and didn't fix them until I was 19. I have a crooked smile and a nose that looks like it's been broken 12 times but never has been. My nose was always red, so people called me Rudolph. My whole face is off-center.
Once a wise individual said, A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is a reality.
Once a wise individual said, No one else in our family was a professional musician so this took an enormous leap of faith on their part.
Once a wise individual said, It is a fact often observed, that men have written good verses under the inspiration of passion, who cannot write well under other circumstances.
Once a wise individual said, Advertising is fundamentally persuasion and persuasion happens to be not a science, but an art.
Once a wise individual said, The range of what we think and do is limited by what we fail to notice. And because we fail to notice that we fail to notice, there is little we can do to change until we notice how failing to notice shapes our thoughts and deeds.
Once a wise individual said, You make mistakes, but I don't have any regrets. I'm the kind of person who takes responsibility for it and deals with it. I learn from everything I do. I work very hard, I have so many things going on in my life. Get to know me and see who I am.
Once a wise individual said, As the family goes, so goes the nation and so goes the whole world in which we live.
Once a wise individual said, A scholar who cherishes the love of comfort is not fit to be deemed a scholar.
Once a wise individual said, A Boss in Heaven is the best excuse for a boss on earth, therefore If God did exist, he would have to be abolished.
Once a wise individual said, I am an artist. The track is my canvas, and the car is my brush.
Once a wise individual said, A am a great friend of public amusements, they keep people from vice.
Once a wise individual said, When you are the lead in a romantic comedy, you have to worry about people really liking you.
Once a wise individual said, We make war that we may live in peace.
Once a wise individual said, Eternal principles that govern happiness apply equally to all.
Once a wise individual said, If you improve education by teaching for competence, eliminating schooling, and connecting with students, the test scores will improve.
Once a wise individual said, Our business in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in good spirits.
Once a wise individual said, Liberals become indignant when you question their patriotism, but simultaneously work overtime to give terrorists a cushion for the next attack and laugh at dumb Americans who love their country and hate the enemy.
Once a wise individual said, The climate, the economic situation, rising birth rates none of these things give me a lot of hope or reason to be optimistic.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a strong person, I'm a strong family man, I'm a strong husband and a strong father.
Once a wise individual said, I am able to follow my own death step by step. Now I move softly towards the end.
Once a wise individual said, Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
Once a wise individual said, I think I have always had a little humor.
Once a wise individual said, The new rage is to say that the government is the cause of all our problems, and if only we had no government, we'd have no problems. I can tell you, that contradicts evidence, history, and common sense.
Once a wise individual said, Of course, Third World leaders love you. By ascribing third world ills to First World sins, you absolve them of blame for their countries' failure to advance.
Once a wise individual said, God is like the sun. When the sun shines, it shines for everyone. God is for everyone.
Once a wise individual said, I don't have pet peeves I have whole kennels of irritation.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom of opinion can only exist when the government thinks itself secure.
Once a wise individual said, With people of limited ability modesty is merely honesty. But with those who possess great talent it is hypocrisy.
Once a wise individual said, Peace is not an absence of war, it is a virtue, a state of mind, a disposition for benevolence, confidence, justice.
Once a wise individual said, I love art dealers. In some ways, they're my favorite people in the art world. Really. I love that they put their money where their taste is, create their own aesthetic universes, support artists, employ people, and do all of this while letting us see art for free. Many are visionaries.
Once a wise individual said, Dinner 'conversation' at the Cohens' meant my sister, mom, and I relaying in brutal detail the day's events in a state of amplified hysteria, while my father listened to his own smooth jazz station in his head.
Once a wise individual said, My mother asked me what I wanted for my birthday, so I said I wanted to read poetry with her.
Once a wise individual said, Better mad with the rest of the world than wise alone.
Once a wise individual said, The chief reason for going to school is to get the impression fixed for life that there is a book side for everything.
Once a wise individual said, Have regular hours for work and play make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will be delightful, old age will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.
Once a wise individual said, Winners take time to relish their work, knowing that scaling the mountain is what makes the view from the top so exhilarating.
Once a wise individual said, I seek no longer to be a 'famous' person, and instead I wish to live a 'normal' life.
Once a wise individual said, Don't think of it as failure. Think of it as time-released success.
Once a wise individual said, I'd like to do a film which is funny.
Once a wise individual said, There is only one way to achieve happiness on this terrestrial ball, and that is to have either a clear conscience or none at all.
Once a wise individual said, Think of submitting our measure to the advice of politicians! I would as soon submit the subject of the equality of a goose to a fox.
Once a wise individual said, A nation which has forgotten the quality of courage which in the past has been brought to public life is not as likely to insist upon or regard that quality in its chosen leaders today - and in fact we have forgotten.
Once a wise individual said, Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death.
Once a wise individual said, True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else.
Once a wise individual said, Unlike a lot of actors, my father encouraged all his kids to go into show business.
Once a wise individual said, Forget sex or politics or religion, loneliness is the subject that clears out a room.
Once a wise individual said, I've worn my share of leopard pink boots to premieres or belts the size of cars. I thought my pink leopard boots were so cool.
Once a wise individual said, Valor is stability, not of legs and arms, but of courage and the soul.
Once a wise individual said, My main concern is theater, and theater does not reflect or mirror society. It has been stingy and selfish, and it has to do better.
Once a wise individual said, If you tell people where to go, but not how to get there, you'll be amazed at the results.
Once a wise individual said, This proves that great lyric poetry can die, be reborn, die again, but will always remain one of the most outstanding creations of the human soul.
Once a wise individual said, Even a purely moral act that has no hope of any immediate and visible political effect can gradually and indirectly, over time, gain in political significance.
Once a wise individual said, It's cool to have parents and family who will always tell me the truth no matter what. They'll tell me if I'm doing something stupid!
Once a wise individual said, Studies show that children best flourish when one mom and one dad are there to raise them.
Once a wise individual said, Experience taught me that working families are often just one pay check away from economic disaster. And it showed me first-hand the importance of every family having access to good health care.
Once a wise individual said, If you don't want to work you have to work to earn enough money so that you won't have to work.
Once a wise individual said, You know it's going to hell when the best rapper out there is white and the best golfer is black.
Once a wise individual said, To seek understanding before taking action, yet to trust my instincts when action is called for. Never to avoid danger from fear, never to seek out danger for its own sake. Never to conform to fashion from fear of eccentricity, never to be eccentric from fear of conformity.
Once a wise individual said, A father may turn his back on his child, brothers and sisters may become inveterate enemies, husbands may desert their wives, wives their husbands. But a mother's love endures through all.
Once a wise individual said, First of all, let me say, 1:15 in the morning, for 20,000 people to still be here, I wasn't the winner, tennis was. That's awesome. I don't know if I've ever felt so good here before.
Once a wise individual said, My dad still calls me and makes sure I'm taking my vitamins.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage has no guarantees. If that's what you're looking for, go live with a car battery.
Once a wise individual said, Recently I heard a 'wise guy' story that I had a party at my home for twenty-five men. It's an interesting story, but I don't know twenty-five men I'd want to invite ta a party.
Once a wise individual said, The humor section is the last place an author wants to be. They put your stuff next to collections of Cathy cartoons.
Once a wise individual said, If you have a deep-seated need to be loved and admired every day, you shouldn't be in politics. You should go work at a pet store.
Once a wise individual said, On the other hand, what I like my music to do to me is awaken the ghosts inside of me. Not the demons, you understand, but the ghosts.
Once a wise individual said, When you are happy you can forgive a great deal.
Once a wise individual said, I hate those e-books. They can not be the future... they may well be... I will be dead.
Once a wise individual said, You will recognize your own path when you come upon it, because you will suddenly have all the energy and imagination you will ever need.
Once a wise individual said, My childhood should have taught me lessons for my own fatherhood, but it didn't because parenting can only be learned by people who have no children.
Once a wise individual said, Football is a sad game.
Once a wise individual said, I feel like I still am struggling in a lot of different ways. I still have to fight for certain things. Certain jobs. At least I'm working and I'm thankful for that.
Once a wise individual said, No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.
Once a wise individual said, Out of respect to writers, you have to read the book in the way in which the author visualised it going out into the world.
Once a wise individual said, They have hijacked my religion.
Once a wise individual said, I think there's something in the fact that it's hard to be good looking and funny. You have to have an oddball quality people have to sympathise with you to find you funny.
Once a wise individual said, I honestly don't know, but if America continues to refuse to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions, I see a bleak future not only for American society, but for the world as a whole. This is a global problem that is not going away, and the United States is an obstacle to solving it.
Once a wise individual said, To our Palestinian neighbours, I assure you that we have a genuine intention to respect your right to live independently and in dignity. I have already said that Israel has no desire to continue to govern over you and control your fate.
Once a wise individual said, I'm in prison. But my heart and mind is free. Gangsta haters on the streets are doing more time than me. They need 30 police escorts with them every time they walk down the street.
Once a wise individual said, Poets have said that the reason to have children is to give yourself immortality. Immortality? Now that I have five children, my only hope is that they are all out of the house before I die.
Once a wise individual said, No one should be able to enter a wilderness by mechanical means.
Once a wise individual said, We are not the same persons this year as last nor are those we love. It is a happy chance if we, changing, continue to love a changed person.
Once a wise individual said, I have made it a rule never to smoke more that one cigar at a time.
Once a wise individual said, There are three kinds of intelligence: one kind understands things for itself, the other appreciates what others can understand, the third understands neither for itself nor through others. This first kind is excellent, the second good, and the third kind useless.
Once a wise individual said, On 'The Office,' so much of the show is about disguising your true feelings and your romantic feelings because it was a mock documentary.
Once a wise individual said, My music isn't anything but me. It has jazz in it, and rock'n'roll, and it has an urgency to it.
Once a wise individual said, You always say 'I'll quit when I start to slide', and then one morning you wake up and realize you've done slid.
Once a wise individual said, As grateful as we are for all the work the community health centers do, it is also important that we recognize that they cannot solve the health care crisis facing our Nation by themselves.
Once a wise individual said, I'm writing constantly about all my crazy experiences across the world, so I have a lot of music I've already written.
Once a wise individual said, Whether you've seen angels floating around your bedroom or just found a ray of hope at a lonely moment, choosing to believe that something unseen is caring for you can be a life-shifting exercise.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness seems made to be shared.
Once a wise individual said, The Internet is a powerful way to make lots of money... But we are not going to buy Yahoo!
Once a wise individual said, Science has nothing to be ashamed of even in the ruins of Nagasaki. The shame is theirs who appeal to other values than the human imaginative values which science has evolved.
Once a wise individual said, I believe in a higher power and I believe in good and bad, right and wrong. You sleep in the bed you make.
Once a wise individual said, There is no roles. No one is keeping any roles. The drummer is also answering everybody and everything. So it is a constant conversation and communication between musicians on an extremely high level with extremely valuable material, motifs, and melodies.
Once a wise individual said, If we wish our state's growth to continue, then our future will increasingly be with industries that require a highly skilled and technically proficient workforce.
Once a wise individual said, They seem much rarer now, those auteur films that come out of a director's imagination and are elliptical and hermetic. All those films that got me into independent cinema when I was watching it seem thin on the ground.
Once a wise individual said, Both young children and old people have a lot of time on their hands. That's probably why they get along so well.
Once a wise individual said, Well, the first time I ran into the term religion, people were asking whether you had any. You know, some people had religion and some people didn't have religion.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes I think what I write is funny in its quiet way.
Once a wise individual said, How simple a thing it seems to me that to know ourselves as we are, we must know our mothers names.
Once a wise individual said, I always looked for a man to rescue me and bring me happiness. I bought into that myth, of course, and looked for my own Prince Charming.
Once a wise individual said, What we need are not prohibitory marriage laws, but a reformed society, an educated public opinion which will teach individual duty in these matters.
Once a wise individual said, Good leadership consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people.
Once a wise individual said, When motherhood becomes the fruit of a deep yearning, not the result of ignorance or accident, its children will become the foundation of a new race.
Once a wise individual said, Life is made up, not of great sacrifices or duties, but of little things, in which smiles and kindness, and small obligations given habitually, are what preserve the heart and secure comfort.
Once a wise individual said, I've never won an award for anything, and I think it's weird. I mean, that's really cool but it's strange to think you could get an award for acting. I always thought that was strange.
Once a wise individual said, As a 22-year Army Veteran who served in Operations Desert Storm and Iraqi Freedom, and as a Civilian Advisor to the Afghan Army in Operation Enduring Freedom, I understand both the gravity of giving the order, and the challenge of carrying it out.
Once a wise individual said, Magic, like technology, is a tool.
Once a wise individual said, Beauty is only skin deep. I think what's really important is finding a balance of mind, body and spirit.
Once a wise individual said, Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading. I will rather say more necessary because health is worth more than learning.
Once a wise individual said, Money cannot buy peace of mind. It cannot heal ruptured relationships, or build meaning into a life that has none.
Once a wise individual said, I have long enjoyed the friendship and companionship of Republicans because I am by instinct a teacher, and I would like to teach them something.
Once a wise individual said, Nowadays, everybody assumes, when they wake up in the morning, if they have a question, it will get answered. Because they have the internet. No matter what the question is, someone will answer their question.
Once a wise individual said, I think trying to be cool is the worst possible ambition - and I have never suffered from it.
Once a wise individual said, I think the way to change it is to handle issues individually when it's essential to do so.
Once a wise individual said, I have had much to learn from Sweden's poetry and, more especially, from her lyrics of the last generation.
Once a wise individual said, My mom enlisted in the U.S. Navy in World War II, and my parents actually bought our home thanks to the loan she got through the GI Bill.
Once a wise individual said, I am fiscally prudent and socially progressive. I believe in protecting a woman's right to choose. I believe in marriage equality.
Once a wise individual said, My dad was a football player - a soccer player - for Manchester United, and I loved playing football, but I also happened to be the guy in class who was pretty good at sight reading. My teacher gave me scripts, and I was very comfortable.
Once a wise individual said, Most young people have tremendous respect for older people's views.
Once a wise individual said, Courage, my friends 'tis not too late to build a better world.
Once a wise individual said, With the help of dedicated Americans from our party, every party, and no party at all, I intend to mount that stairway to preach peace for our nation and world.
Once a wise individual said, A thing moderately good is not so good as it ought to be. Moderation in temper is always a virtue but moderation in principle is always a vice.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think my principles change. I think the way in which you apply those principles to modern society changes.
Once a wise individual said, And this is one way to do technology forecasting get a sense of where technology is, and then anticipate the next upturn.
Once a wise individual said, I do not believe that defending traditional marriage between one man and one woman excludes anybody or usurps anybody's civil rights and denies anybody their civil rights.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a private guy, and you don't want to be out there preaching to people. But faith leads you in the decisions you make. You don't always pick the right path, but it's there in your conscience.
Once a wise individual said, In addition to serving overseas, the Peace Corps' Crisis Corps Volunteers have helped their fellow Americans.
Once a wise individual said, Never seem more learned than the people you are with. Wear your learning like a pocket watch and keep it hidden. Do not pull it out to count the hours, but give the time when you are asked.
Once a wise individual said, The home is the chief school of human virtues.
Once a wise individual said, I guess now that I think back, I used to play priest and be a funny priest. I don't know, I grew up in such a Catholic family that I kind of liked to test the boundaries a little bit and I think I had fun watching my mom laugh.
Once a wise individual said, Let us live for the beauty of our own reality.
Once a wise individual said, It's hard and sometimes it's scary. It still amazes my mother. I went home for Christmas one year and there were fans all over the front lawn, hoping to see me.
Once a wise individual said, Music for me is an emotional thing and it really does make me happy. It's not a tool for me to get fame or see my face in the papers or anything like that. It's about the fact that I really do enjoy it.
Once a wise individual said, The United States contributes to peace in both by serving as a buffer between and among regional powers that, while not preparing for armed conflict, do not fully trust one another.
Once a wise individual said, Black history is American history.
Once a wise individual said, It was one of those perfect English autumnal days which occur more frequently in memory than in life.
Once a wise individual said, Sports life is very short.
Once a wise individual said, 90 percent of my time is spent on 10 percent of the world.
Once a wise individual said, The first resistance to social change is to say it's not necessary.
Once a wise individual said, I was a great student at a great school, Wharton School of Finance.
Once a wise individual said, I've always been clear, I support the traditional definition of marriage.
Once a wise individual said, But as far as being an American and loving this country and getting a chance to travel across it every day and meeting people on the road and folks in the military, I love this country on so many different levels.
Once a wise individual said, I hate talking about music, to tell you the truth.
Once a wise individual said, Because of my faith and my imagination, I was able to enjoy my childhood, even though it was tough.
Once a wise individual said, I rely on guns for protection in life. God does not say, 'This is la-la land.' God doesn't say, 'Welcome to Earth. Everything's perfect. There's no crime. There's no murder. There's no death.' The world is imperfect, and you have to be on guard.
Once a wise individual said, People who know me , they know I have a sense of humor, I'm a bit of a joker, a bit of a clown really, and I would love someone to exploit that side of me and send me a romantic comedy.
Once a wise individual said, I have so many things to work on, and so many ways that I fail. But that's what grace is all about. and I constantly wake up every morning trying to get better, trying to improve, trying to walk closer to God.
Once a wise individual said, Our family life was certainly not intellectual.
Once a wise individual said, I've made some great mistakes in my life, but, you know, they were honest mistakes.
Once a wise individual said, Old age adds to the respect due to virtue, but it takes nothing from the contempt inspired by vice it whitens only the hair.
Once a wise individual said, People in Slow Food understand that food is an environmental issue.
Once a wise individual said, I so desperately hate to end these movies that the first thing I do when I'm done is write another one. Then I don't feel sad about having to leave and everybody going away.
Once a wise individual said, Let me embrace thee, sour adversity, for wise men say it is the wisest course.
Once a wise individual said, When I got out of acting school, I was lucky to have gotten any job at all. A lot of people hiring African American actresses - it was right after 'Roots,' and for society, not me, it was great. Nice richly dark-skinned people was the fashion, and I was not.
Once a wise individual said, I think that there is nothing, not even crime, more opposed to poetry, to philosophy, ay, to life itself than this incessant business.
Once a wise individual said, When we are sick, we want an uncommon doctor when we have a construction job to do, we want an uncommon engineer, and when we are at war, we want an uncommon general. It is only when we get into politics that we are satisfied with the common man.
Once a wise individual said, Money is such an amazing teacher: What you choose to do with your money shows whether you are truly powerful or powerless.
Once a wise individual said, I have long recognized a link between fitness and mental health and I think we need to encourage young people to take part in sports and team activities because we know it has such positive results.
Once a wise individual said, Come rain or shine I walk short distances rather than taking my car.
Once a wise individual said, The conversion of agnostic High Tories to the Anglican church is always rather suspect. It seems too pat and predictable, too clearly a matter of politics rather than faith.
Once a wise individual said, I was using tape loops for dancers and dance production. I had very funky primitive equipment, in fact technology wasn't very good no matter how much money you had.
Once a wise individual said, You can't legislate good will - that comes through education.
Once a wise individual said, Major sports are major parts of society. It's not anomalous to have people who love sports come from other parts of that society.
Once a wise individual said, I see dance being used as communication between body and soul, to express what it too deep to find for words.
Once a wise individual said, It the British System is the most gigantic system of slavery the world has yet seen, and therefore it is that freedom gradually disappears from every country over which England is enabled to obtain control.
Once a wise individual said, Before, I was really passive, all I cared about was being in love with my boyfriend. I didn't have any creative power, nothing. I don't know that person any more.
Once a wise individual said, You show your vulnerability through relationships, and those feelings are your soft spot. You need to have a soft spot.
Once a wise individual said, I think anger and laughter are very close to each other, when you think about it.
Once a wise individual said, There is a woman at the begining of all great things.
Once a wise individual said, I'm very competitive by nature. And I like to be the underdog - It's the best way to win. To come from behind and win is a great feeling!
Once a wise individual said, I think a lot of humor is about distracting yourself. Pretend you're not trying to make it funny. Because for some reason the effort to be funny smells like sulphur in our culture.
Once a wise individual said, It is quite true, as some poets said, that the God who created man must have had a sinister sense of humor, creating him a reasonable being, yet forcing him to take this ridiculous posture, and driving him with blind craving for this ridiculous performance.
Once a wise individual said, Cherish your human connections - your relationships with friends and family.
Once a wise individual said, This is the highest wisdom that I own freedom and life are earned by those alone who conquer them each day anew.
Once a wise individual said, I want to make sure I don't interfere with the success of that team next year. I don't see any way I could go to practice like most of 'em do, and not hurt the team. I'd go nuts if I tried doing that.
Once a wise individual said, To know a person's religion we need not listen to his profession of faith but must find his brand of intolerance.
Once a wise individual said, I had a teacher in art school who said something about the only works he really enjoyed seeing or found much in were works where he had a sense that a discovery was made in the course of making this object. I like to hold to that as my marching orders.
Once a wise individual said, My grandma's the most careful, safe driver in the world. You put her in a rental car, and she's doing doughnuts in the K-Mart parking lot!
Once a wise individual said, To make no mistakes is not in the power of man but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
Once a wise individual said, You should trust any man in his own art provided he is skilled in it.
Once a wise individual said, People that are really very weird can get into sensitive positions and have a tremendous impact on history.
Once a wise individual said, My coming to faith did not start with a leap but rather a series of staggers from what seemed like one safe place to another. Like lily pads, round and green, these places summoned and then held me up while I grew. Each prepared me for the next leaf on which I would land, and in this way I moved across the swamp of doubt and fear.
Once a wise individual said, It's useless to hold a person to anything he says while he's in love, drunk, or running for office.
Once a wise individual said, I do not believe that Congress or the Administration should prohibit the medical community from pursuing a promising avenue of research that may improve the lives of millions of Americans.
Once a wise individual said, Before we decide to trust you with this power, we ask you to stand before the public and explain your views. Justice may be blind, but it should not be deaf.
Once a wise individual said, I can find some way to make poetry out of my life's experiences.
Once a wise individual said, In fact, I thought that Christianity was very a good and a very valuable thing for us. But after a while, I began to feel that the story that I was told about this religion wasn't perhaps completely whole, that something was left out.
Once a wise individual said, To be positive is to be mistaken at the top of one's voice.
Once a wise individual said, I've spent the last 50 years or so steeping myself in the world's religions, and I've done my homework. I've gone to each of the world's eight great religions and sought out the most profound scholars I could find, and I've apprenticed myself to them and actually practiced each faith.
Once a wise individual said, The real end winner of NAFTA is going to be Mexico because we have the human capital. We have that resource that is vital to the success of the U.S. economy.
Once a wise individual said, I love chicken. I would eat chicken fingers on Thanksgiving if it were socially acceptable.
Once a wise individual said, What goes on in Europe concerns us greatly because, if Europe comes apart, the E.U. comes apart, then you're going to have enormous impact on America, that's a very big trading partner of ours, and people own securities around the world in this day and age.
Once a wise individual said, I'm always suspicious of really beautiful women telling us we shouldn't be worried about beauty.
Once a wise individual said, I carry groceries home on the tank of my motorcycle.
Once a wise individual said, It is clear that not in one thing alone, but in many ways equality and freedom of speech are a good thing.
Once a wise individual said, Once a disease has entered the body, all parts which are healthy must fight it: not one alone, but all. Because a disease might mean their common death. Nature knows this and Nature attacks the disease with whatever help she can muster.
Once a wise individual said, Madame, all stories, if continued far enough, end in death, and he is no true-story teller who would keep that from you.
Once a wise individual said, Dating is all about the chase. It's fun!
Once a wise individual said, I simply can't build my hopes on a foundation of confusion, misery and death... I think... peace and tranquillity will return again.
Once a wise individual said, I have the loving support of my girlfriend who still attends Wake Forest and is nearing graduation. She helps me cope with the everyday rigors of being an NBA player.
Once a wise individual said, I think that everybody in the world, whatever colour or creed, has a jerk like JR in his or her family somewhere. Whether it is a father, uncle, cousin or brother, everybody can identify with JR and that certainly had something to do with the success of 'Dallas.'
Once a wise individual said, And I would be the first to admit that probably, in a lot of press conferences over the time that I have been in coaching, indulging my own sense of humor at press conferences has not been greatly to my benefit.
Once a wise individual said, No government ought to be without censors and where the press is free, no one ever will. Chance is the pseudonym of God when he did not want to sign.
Once a wise individual said, In any of the arts, you never stop learning.
Once a wise individual said, I began to speak well at a very advanced age - 15, 16, 17 years old. It was psychological: the trauma of war, my family and growing up on my own. I was more or less a street kid.
Once a wise individual said, It's pretty cool to be able to hang out with the President and have the race-winning car on the South Lawn.
Once a wise individual said, Considering the amount of information we're bombarded by, it's amazing if a song can transcend time.
Once a wise individual said, Aging seems to be the only available way to live a long life.
Once a wise individual said, Hope... is the companion of power, and the mother of success for who so hopes has within him the gift of miracles.
Once a wise individual said, There is only one failure in life possible, and that is not to be true to the best one knows.
Once a wise individual said, If you just love movies enough, you can make a good one.
Once a wise individual said, Between France and Senegal there's a history. There's a language that we both speak. There's a culture that we share and to which both of our peoples have contributed. But beyond our history, beyond our language, beyond the links that have united us for so long, what unites us today is the future.
Once a wise individual said, Only the contemptible fear contempt.
Once a wise individual said, War is cruelty, and none can make it gentle.
Once a wise individual said, I grew up in the business since I was three years old so I've always kind of been in front of the camera and grew up in commercials and I knew that I wanted to do it no matter what, I just loved it.
Once a wise individual said, But steel bars have never yet kept out a mob it takes something a good deal stronger: human courage backed up by the consciousness of being right.
Once a wise individual said, I'm still that little girl who lisped and sat in the back of the car and threw vegetables at the back of her head when we drove home from the market. That never goes.
Once a wise individual said, Art is for anyone. It just isn't for everyone. Still, over the past decade, its audience has hugely grown, and that's irked those outside the art world, who get irritated at things like incomprehensibility or money.
Once a wise individual said, When you're looking that far out, you're giving people their place in the universe, it touches people. Science is often visual, so it doesn't need translation. It's like poetry, it touches you.
Once a wise individual said, It is not a God, just and good, but a devil, under the name of God, that the Bible describes.
Once a wise individual said, The men and women who serve in our military have won for us every hour we live in freedom, sometimes at the expense of the very hours of the lifetimes they had hoped to live.
Once a wise individual said, I've only ever wanted to be a singer I never wanted to be famous.
Once a wise individual said, The first duty of government is to see that people have food, fuel, and clothes. The second, that they have means of moral and intellectual education.
Once a wise individual said, We have been working with Habitat for Humanity and we have built eighty homes, 80% of which are being lived in by New Orleans' musicians. It is called the Musicians' Village and at the center is the Ellis Marsalis Center for Music.
Once a wise individual said, I've probably understood men too well. I realise they are predatory by nature, and I have a certain acceptance of the male animal.
Once a wise individual said, If you're not ready to die for it, put the word 'freedom' out of your vocabulary.
Once a wise individual said, Attacks on a politician's identity - questioning Romney's religion, say, or Obama's birthplace - tend to come when an opponent is desperate and can't sell himself.
Once a wise individual said, I'd think,'In a relationship, we should never have his kind of fight.' Then, instead of figuring out how to make it work, I looked for a way to get out of it. The truth is, you shouldn't be married if your that kind of person.
Once a wise individual said, We talk a lot on 'Biggest Loser' about how fitness is a natural antidepressant, how it burns off stress. What I like about running is that it gives me time alone. I'm always busy, with people at work, with my kids. I love getting out for a run by myself and just listening to my music.
Once a wise individual said, Great is the power of habit. It teaches us to bear fatigue and to despise wounds and pain.
Once a wise individual said, The greatest ability in business is to get along with others and to influence their actions.
Once a wise individual said, In Art, man reveals himself and not his objects.
Once a wise individual said, I've always had great respect for Paddington because he is amusingly English and eccentric. He is a great British institution and my generation grew up with the books and then Michael Horden's animations.
Once a wise individual said, God lets you be successful because he trusts you that you will do the right thing with it. Now, does he get disappointed often? All the time, because people get there and they forget how they got it.
Once a wise individual said, In the music business, especially the country music business, every 10 years or so you're going to have this changing of the guard, this wave of new artists that comes in.
Once a wise individual said, I think basically becoming famous has taken the place of going to Heaven in modern society, hasn't it? That's the place where your dreams will come true. It's an act of faith now they think that's going to sort things out.
Once a wise individual said, I opened my own restaurant when I was 17. I went broke, then traveled around the country, learning about different kinds of foods, had three other restaurants that went broke. It didn't all start just a few years ago!
Once a wise individual said, I think women as well as men are concerned about jobs and the economy and spending and, and other issues. They're concerned that when their kids graduate from college they have an economy and they have a future in this country and they, they have the same opportunity that we've had and our grandparents have had.
Once a wise individual said, Over the years with movies, I've given directors notes.
Once a wise individual said, Before marriage, a girl has to make love to a man to hold him. After marriage, she has to hold him to make love to him.
Once a wise individual said, A good indignation brings out all one's powers.
Once a wise individual said, Irony is the gaiety of reflection and the joy of wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, You can lose a game but, I see guys every week including myself, you lose a game, it's a tough loss, you're down, two weeks later you forgot about it. You know it's amazing how down you were, but all of the sudden you're like it never happened.
Once a wise individual said, Religions do a useful thing: they narrow God to the limits of man. Philosophy replies by doing a necessary thing: it elevates man to the plane of God.
Once a wise individual said, A person however learned and qualified in his life's work in whom gratitude is absent, is devoid of that beauty of character which makes personality fragrant.
Once a wise individual said, Legislation passed in the aftermath of September 11, 2001 enhanced our intelligence capabilities and strengthened our national defense, but until now our nation's immigration policies have not adapted to the needs of a post-September 11th world.
Once a wise individual said, No matter what you study, the thing that you know best is what you grew up with.
Once a wise individual said, I loved almost everything about being a teacher, but I was an unusual teacher.
Once a wise individual said, That fatal drollery called a representative government.
Once a wise individual said, I couldn't find the sports car of my dreams, so I built it myself.
Once a wise individual said, As a kid, I'd go into the bathroom when I was having a tantrum. I'd be in the bathroom crying, studying myself in the mirror. I was preparing for future roles.
Once a wise individual said, I longed to arrest all beauty that came before me, and at length the longing has been satisfied.
Once a wise individual said, I like bawdy humor. I love bawdy humor, but not dirty humor.
Once a wise individual said, A revival does two things. First, it returns the Church from her backsliding and second, it causes the conversion of men and women and it always includes the conviction of sin on the part of the Church. What a spell the devil seems to cast over the Church today!
Once a wise individual said, The worst government is often the most moral. One composed of cynics is often very tolerant and humane. But when fanatics are on top there is no limit to oppression.
Once a wise individual said, Suspicion is far more to be wrong than right more often unjust than just. It is no friend to virtue, and always an enemy to happiness.
Once a wise individual said, I've always been a bit of a decorator. I think if I wasn't a singer I'd probably be in stage setting or interior design or something. I like clutter and I'm quite visually greedy. I can't have things to be plain I have to have things looking interesting... maybe I'm just a frustrated interior designer stuck in a singing career.
Once a wise individual said, He who does not fear death cares naught for threats.
Once a wise individual said, My dad always told me that anyone's voice is just another instrument added to the music.
Once a wise individual said, Plato is dear to me, but dearer still is truth.
Once a wise individual said, Jobs mean freedom for workers to support their families.
Once a wise individual said, And in real life endings aren't always neat, whether they're happy endings, or whether they're sad endings.
Once a wise individual said, Goethe died in 1832. As you know, Goethe was very active in science. In fact, he did some very good scientific work in plant morphology and mineralogy. But he was quite bitter at the way in which many scientists refused to grant him a hearing because he was a poet and therefore, they felt, he couldn't be serious.
Once a wise individual said, What troubles me is the Internet and the electronic technology revolution. Shyness is fueled in part by so many people spending huge amounts of time alone, isolated on e-mail, in chat rooms, which reduces their face-to-face contact with other people.
Once a wise individual said, If I could set a world record, it would be that I have 150 business partners, all with thriving businesses of their own that started with nothing and I made the difference to make them all billionaires.
Once a wise individual said, The Berlin Wall wasn't the only barrier to fall after the collapse of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War. Traditional barriers to the flow of money, trade, people and ideas also fell.
Once a wise individual said, I know what it feels like to struggle to get the education that you need.
Once a wise individual said, I'm actually graduating early. I got a lot of work done already. Being home schooled, I have had a lot of tutors help me.
Once a wise individual said, Someone who thinks the world is always cheating him is right. He is missing that wonderful feeling of trust in someone or something.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom would be not to choose between black and white but to abjure such prescribed choices.
Once a wise individual said, But my mother and father were married when my mom was 20 and my dad was 24.
Once a wise individual said, I love talking about women because they are a constant study and you're always learning.
Once a wise individual said, America's downgrade may serve as a wakeup call for its policymakers. It is an unambiguous and loud signal of the country's eroding economic strength and global standing. It renders urgent the need to regain the initiative through better economic policymaking and more coherent governance.
Once a wise individual said, No human being is constituted to know the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth and even the best of men must be content with fragments, with partial glimpses, never the full fruition.
Once a wise individual said, Service is the rent we pay for being. It is the very purpose of life, and not something you do in your spare time.
Once a wise individual said, Acting is not about being famous, it's about exploring the human soul.
Once a wise individual said, I am traveling less in order to be able to write more. I select my travel destinations according to their degree of usefulness to my work.
Once a wise individual said, Life is the art of drawing without an eraser.
Once a wise individual said, Art is a lie that makes us realize truth.
Once a wise individual said, If by chance some day you're not feeling well and you should remember some silly thing I've said or done and it brings back a smile to your face or a chuckle to your heart, then my purpose as your clown has been fulfilled.
Once a wise individual said, Good morning is a contradiction of terms.
Once a wise individual said, Of all our possessions, wisdom alone is imortal.
Once a wise individual said, Pop songs are not as graceful as they used to be. Performers today haven't gone through the regimen of learning how to write. And of course, everyone wants to own copyrights.
Once a wise individual said, Instead of a man of peace and love, I have become a man of violence and revenge.
Once a wise individual said, I think most artists would be happy to have bigger audiences rather than smaller ones. It doesn't mean that they are going to change their work in order necessarily to get it, but they're happy if they do get it.
Once a wise individual said, He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
Once a wise individual said, I never let my politics supersede my manners.
Once a wise individual said, I think it's brought the world a lot closer together, and will continue to do that. There are downsides to everything there are unintended consequences to everything. The most corrosive piece of technology that I've ever seen is called television - but then, again, television, at its best, is magnificent.
Once a wise individual said, You have to accept whatever comes and the only important thing is that you meet it with courage and with the best that you have to give.
Once a wise individual said, Self-respect is the fruit of discipline the sense of dignity grows with the ability to say no to oneself.
Once a wise individual said, I spent a year in that town, one Sunday.
Once a wise individual said, Ugliness is in a way superior to beauty because it lasts.
Once a wise individual said, There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
Once a wise individual said, No man should bring children into the world who is unwilling to persevere to the end in their nature and education.
Once a wise individual said, You had to be aware that I saw that photography was a mere episode in the history of the optical projection and when the chemicals ended, meaning the picture was fixed by chemicals, we were in a new era.
Once a wise individual said, The music of Hendrix wakes people up to their possibilities. It's more than just dreaming about being a guitar hero.
Once a wise individual said, Look, there ought to be politics in politics.
Once a wise individual said, If I'm alone too long I think too much, and I'm not interested in doing that. That won't lead anywhere good, I'm sure. If I'm busy I tend to stay out of trouble. An idle mind is the devil's playground.
Once a wise individual said, I never travel without my Stetson, but the more I wear it the more I realise that no one wears hats any more. When I was a kid everybody wore hats, especially in Texas, but I get off the plane in Dallas now and I'm the only guy with a hat. It's amazing.
Once a wise individual said, My grandfather was a lawyer, my dad was a lawyer, my mum was a lawyer, I got an uncle who's a lawyer, I got cousins that are lawyers.
Once a wise individual said, Every time I get up in the morning, melodies occur to me and I start trying to shape lyrics to melodies.
Once a wise individual said, Well, the first thing is that truth and power for me form an antithesis, an antagonism, which will hardly ever be resolved. I can define in fact, can simplify the history of human society, the evolution of human society, as a contest between power and freedom.
Once a wise individual said, For death is no more than a turning of us over from time to eternity.
Once a wise individual said, There's only one drummer. We all travel to his beat. Well, I couldn't sing his song. Because for me, it wasn't a truthful statement. Well, Linda sang it, and it was a monster for her.
Once a wise individual said, There is no higher religion than human service. To work for the common good is the greatest creed.
Once a wise individual said, Americans want government that is leaner, more efficient, and less intrusive into their personal lives.
Once a wise individual said, I have an obligation to try to live as long as I can for my family.
Once a wise individual said, Nobody gets justice. People only get good luck or bad luck.
Once a wise individual said, Let us leave pretty women to men devoid of imagination.
Once a wise individual said, I have snakes, three sharks, moray eels, piranhas, five scorpions and a bird spider. All of them are predators. They are dangerous but it's cool to have strong and powerful pets.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think success has changed us as people at all. We are the same lunatics that we were when this band first got going. We never see ourselves as being on a higher level than our fans.
Once a wise individual said, I respond very well to well-written material and women who have had an effect on society, something tragic or monumental has happened to them.
Once a wise individual said, Having gone through so many of the personal things I've gone through, its about creating an (online) space for girls to be heard. I don't profess to have all the answers. But Ask Elizabeth is a space where girls are not alone.
Once a wise individual said, The real cure for our environmental problems is to understand that our job is to salvage Mother Nature. We are facing a formidable enemy in this field. It is the hunters... and to convince them to leave their guns on the wall is going to be very difficult.
Once a wise individual said, I want to have the freedom to do whatever I want.
Once a wise individual said, In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision.
Once a wise individual said, There was a time when young people respected learning and literature and now they don't.
Once a wise individual said, I have visualizations where I'm living in a really cool place - probably outside of town - with a really dope studio where I can record music or film things. Just have my own mini production house. That's really the thing I'd love to end up with the most and only do gigs when I needed to and also amass a little bit of a crew around me.
Once a wise individual said, People are learning to feel more comfortable hearing one another's dreams. It used to be that if you told a dream in public, someone had to make a joke to relieve the tension introduced by that alternative reality.
Once a wise individual said, Children are amazing, and while I go to places like Princeton and Harvard and Yale, and of course I teach at Columbia, NYU, and that's nice and I love students, but the most fun of all are the real little ones, the young ones.
Once a wise individual said, Cat: a pygmy lion who loves mice, hates dogs, and patronizes human beings.
Once a wise individual said, I don't want to do business with those who don't make a profit, because they can't give the best service.
Once a wise individual said, I came home every Friday afternoon, riding the six miles on the back of a big mule. I spent Saturday and Sunday washing and ironing and cooking for the children and went back to my country school on Sunday afternoon.
Once a wise individual said, When I joined Bill Clinton's start-up presidential campaign in 1991, I was confident that women would play an ever more important role, but I never gave a minute's thought to what would happen if we won. When we did - and I became the first woman to serve as White House press secretary - it changed my life. But it didn't change the world.
Once a wise individual said, I couldn't walk down any street in Britain without being laughed at. It was a nightmare. My children were devastated because their dad was a figure of ridicule.
Once a wise individual said, I never do any television without chocolate. That's my motto and I live by it. Quite often I write the scripts and I make sure there are chocolate scenes. Actually I'm a bit of a chocolate tart and will eat anything. It's amazing I'm so slim.
Once a wise individual said, Death is an absolute marvel.
Once a wise individual said, My main concern with the condition of mathematics in high school is that there's a lot of fear involved! Math is not, generally speaking, presented in a fun way. The concepts, as I see them, are fun, and that's the way I'd like to convey them myself.
Once a wise individual said, I'd love to have children, and I think marriage is great, I really do.
Once a wise individual said, Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't.
Once a wise individual said, To me, eyewear goes way beyond being a prescription. It's like makeup. It's the most incredible accessory. The shape of a frame or the color of lenses can change your whole appearance.
Once a wise individual said, Time goes, you say? Ah, no! alas, time stays, we go.
Once a wise individual said, If you cannot find peace within yourself, you will never find it anywhere else.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think that the feminist movement has done much for the characters of women.
Once a wise individual said, A woman's health is her capital.
Once a wise individual said, You know, Johnny Depp has always been a massive inspiration for me and he's somebody who has produced an incredible amount of work, and every single piece that he does is amazing.
Once a wise individual said, There is an irresistible demand to strengthen the leadership of the constructive forces of the world at the present momentous time. This is true because of stupendous, almost unbelievable changes which have taken place in recent years on every continent.
Once a wise individual said, Nobody was playing the soprano saxophone and certainly nobody was trying to do anything with it. So I was all alone. I didn't know that at first.
Once a wise individual said, To have a great man for a friend seems pleasant to those who have never tried it those who have, fear it.
Once a wise individual said, But men are so full of greed today, they'll sell anything for a little piece of money.
Once a wise individual said, Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.
Once a wise individual said, Beset by a difficult problem? Now is your chance to shine. Pick yourself up, get to work and get triumphantly through it.
Once a wise individual said, The one thing I would hope would go on my tombstone is, 'I made my parents proud.'
Once a wise individual said, A claim for equality of material position can be met only by a government with totalitarian powers.
Once a wise individual said, I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination.
Once a wise individual said, I've always embraced failure as a noble pursuit. It allows you to be anti whatever anyone wants you to be, and to break all the rules.
Once a wise individual said, It doesn't take a hero to order men into battle. It takes a hero to be one of those men who goes into battle.
Once a wise individual said, I want to arrive at the possibility of peace with the Syrians, and when I believe that the conditions are right, I will not miss the opportunity.
Once a wise individual said, But you know, I have a pretty good relationship with the press and the paparazzi. It's just when they step over the line that, you know, enough's enough.
Once a wise individual said, I have the best husband in the world. He's very involved.
Once a wise individual said, Well, I affirm orthodox Christian faith. I affirm the Nicene Creed. I don't think I'm doing anything terribly new.
Once a wise individual said, When the media defines something, you have to question: Is it the definition that you want applied to your culture? I'm trying to determine who's leaving the legacy, and if the legacy that is being left is a positive one.
Once a wise individual said, The only difference between death and taxes is that death doesn't get worse every time Congress meets.
Once a wise individual said, I think people that have fear that, 'Oh if I have a kid I won't be able to do this and I won't be able to do that.' It's kind of the opposite. It really gives you energy. It makes people better.
Once a wise individual said, Who would know but ten years ago that kids would be texting each other all the time, that that would be one of their main forms of communication. And so many times, these kids know more about the technology than their parents. And so many times, we're putting kids in very adult situations and expecting them to behave like they're 40 years old.
Once a wise individual said, Home base is the support system where we have a culinary team, my own writers because of the shows and the books and stuff, we have a culinary team of about six people. Marketing, public relations, accounting and all that sort of stuff.
Once a wise individual said, First of all, I try to be a positive role model.
Once a wise individual said, I think the institute of marriage is a noble thing. The idea of a partner for life is incredibly romantic. But now we're living to 100. A hundred years ago people were dying at age 37. Til death do us part was a much different deal.
Once a wise individual said, Whether you be man or woman you will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
Once a wise individual said, In the future, when Microsoft leaves a security-flaw in their code it won't mean that somebody hacks your computer. It will mean that somebody takes control of your servant robot and it stands in your bedroom doorway sharpening a knife and watching you sleep.
Once a wise individual said, We tried not to age, but time had its rage.
Once a wise individual said, I've never had a very quiet voice. I tried in choir to make it smaller, and it just didn't work out. And I listened to a lot of soul music when I was growing up on my own accord. But I was mostly into Mama Cass and Gladys Knight, and they all had big voices too just different than mine.
Once a wise individual said, The only day I remember of my parents' marriage was the day my dad walked out. As I stood there at five years old, with my older sister and younger brother, I knew that he was gone.
Once a wise individual said, For people who are really talented, what you don't say becomes extremely important. You have to judge what to say and what to leave alone so you can let the talent develop.
Once a wise individual said, Time has no divisions to mark its passage, there is never a thunder-storm or blare of trumpets to announce the beginning of a new month or year. Even when a new century begins it is only we mortals who ring bells and fire off pistols.
Once a wise individual said, Friendship is essentially a partnership.
Once a wise individual said, The sole substitute for an experience which we have not ourselves lived through is art and literature.
Once a wise individual said, The human face is the organic seat of beauty. It is the register of value in development, a record of Experience, whose legitimate office is to perfect the life, a legible language to those who will study it, of the majestic mistress, the soul.
Once a wise individual said, Getting the government to put money into social programs run by religious institutions is a practice that started during the Clinton years, when Bill Clinton advocated the AmeriCorps program.
Once a wise individual said, Human nature is such that people are born with a love of profit If they follow these inclinations, they will struggle and snatch from each other, and inclinations to defer or yield will die.
Once a wise individual said, Sports don't define us it is not what we live for.
Once a wise individual said, Everybody's got one killer story. It doesn't take talent to tell that story, it just takes experience.
Once a wise individual said, My dad farmed, my granddad was a farmer. I wanted to be a farmer.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes - history needs a push.
Once a wise individual said, My parents did a great job raising me and my two sisters. We all graduated from high school and we all graduated from college. So, to be a good representative of my family is probably my greatest accomplishment thus far.
Once a wise individual said, I love romantic comedies. They're for me the easiest thing to do and the most natural to do. There's nothing natural about holding an uzi hanging out of a moving van shooting at people. That's not second nature to me, thank God.
Once a wise individual said, The reason this country continues its drift toward socialism and big nanny government is because too many people vote in the expectation of getting something for nothing, not because they have a concern for what is good for the country.
Once a wise individual said, Everything officers go through in any chase anywhere in the country, but amped up 100 times! I'm right in the thick of things in a car going like 80 miles an hour, and doing 360s in the middle of the road. It was a wild ride.
Once a wise individual said, God gets you to the plate, but once your there your on your own.
Once a wise individual said, If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
Once a wise individual said, I've now been in this country for thirteen years, since I was seventeen. So this is my second home.
Once a wise individual said, Even in a gleefully negative comic, there is optimism, although it's slightly hidden: It comes out through a comic character's sheer tenacity. He keeps going and trying to find some sort of fulfillment regardless of his perpetual failure record. That's a form of hope, a form of optimism. Really hokey I know, but it's true.
Once a wise individual said, God's love is too great to be confined to any one side of a conflict or to any one religion.
Once a wise individual said, My dad gave me my first bike at 16. I soon fell off and was in a wheelchair for weeks. I haven't fallen since.
Once a wise individual said, Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough.
Once a wise individual said, Power and violence are opposites where the one rules absolutely, the other is absent. Violence appears where power is in jeopardy, but left to its own course it ends in power's disappearance.
Once a wise individual said, Don't be afraid of failure be afraid of petty success.
Once a wise individual said, Tell me not of joy: there's none Now my little sparrow's gone He, just as you, Would toy and woo, He would chirp and flatter me, He would hang the wing awhile, Till at length he saw me smile, Lord! how sullen he would be!
Once a wise individual said, He who has so little knowledge of human nature as to seek happiness by changing anything but his own disposition will waste his life in fruitless efforts.
Once a wise individual said, A little knowledge is a dangerous thing, but a little want of knowledge is also a dangerous thing.
Once a wise individual said, The health care reform legislation passed by the U.S. House of Representatives last night clearly violates the U.S. Constitution and infringes on each state's sovereignty.
Once a wise individual said, Ignorance is no excuse, it's the real thing.
Once a wise individual said, The turning point in the process of growing up is when you discover the core of strength within you that survives all hurt.
Once a wise individual said, I cannot say how strongly I object to people using other people's writing as research. Research is non-fiction, especially for horror, fantasy, science fiction. Do not take your research from other people's fiction. Just don't.
Once a wise individual said, I know not what others may choose but, as for me, give me liberty or give me death.
Once a wise individual said, We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it.
Once a wise individual said, According to the Small Business Administration, more than 70 percent of all family businesses do not survive through the second generation, and 8 percent do not make it to a third.
Once a wise individual said, My experience of the world is that things left to themselves don't get right.
Once a wise individual said, Music has healing power. It has the ability to take people out of themselves for a few hours.
Once a wise individual said, If you just have a single problem to solve, then fine, go ahead and use a neural network. But if you want to do science and understand how to choose architectures, or how to go to a new problem, you have to understand what different architectures can and cannot do.
Once a wise individual said, In the investigation of a neurotic style of life, we must always suspect an opponent, and note who suffers most because of the patient's condition. Usually this is a member of the family.
Once a wise individual said, Two weeks later, we played our first concert and had 100 people there. It was pretty cool.
Once a wise individual said, China, in the future, is going to have even more nuclear capability than it has had in the past. I don't believe that they have anything to fear from the United States, and I frankly don't believe they do fear the United States.
Once a wise individual said, Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot.
Once a wise individual said, Beauty is the promise of happiness.
Once a wise individual said, The term 'serious actor' is kind of an oxymoron, isn't it? Like 'Republican party' or 'airplane food.'
Once a wise individual said, Manners are love in a cool climate.
Once a wise individual said, Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.
Once a wise individual said, However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?
Once a wise individual said, I always felt that I came up short in the education department, but I've come to the conclusion that we all get an education.
Once a wise individual said, Through mutual understanding, sincerity and goodwill, and with great wisdom and broad views, the leaders on both sides should jointly initiate new opportunities for peace, stability, cooperation and mutual benefit.
Once a wise individual said, In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
Once a wise individual said, The two most joyous times of the year are Christmas morning and the end of school.
Once a wise individual said, What Churchill described as the twin marauders of war and tyranny have been almost entirely banished from our continent. Today, hundreds of millions dwell in freedom, from the Baltic to the Adriatic, from the Western Approaches to the Aegean.
Once a wise individual said, 9/11 was a deliberate, carefully planned evil act of the long-waged war on the West by Koran-inspired soldiers of Allah around the world. They hated us before George W. Bush was in office. They hated us before Israel existed. And the avengers of the religion of perpetual outrage will keep hating us.
Once a wise individual said, Pop changes week to week, month to month. But great music is like literature.
Once a wise individual said, History, in general, only informs us of what bad government is.
Once a wise individual said, If you met my dad, I think a lot of things would be put to rest. Because my pops is a pretty silly guy. But, Coldcut, they're based in the U.K. I'm a big fan of jazz music, so American music has had a big influence on what I listen to.
Once a wise individual said, I stopped thinking too much about what could happen and relied on my physical and mental strength to play the right shots at the right time.
Once a wise individual said, All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure.
Once a wise individual said, But you see, our society is still trapped in this binary, black/white logic and that has had some very positive implications for our generation. It's had some very negative ones as well and one of the negative ones is that it creates enormous identity problems for people who have one black ancestor and all white ancestors for example.
Once a wise individual said, A fascist is one whose lust for money or power is combined with such an intensity of intolerance toward those of other races, parties, classes, religions, cultures, regions or nations as to make him ruthless in his use of deceit or violence to attain his ends.
Once a wise individual said, You get to be famous or have some notoriety and there are so many people who want a piece of you.
Once a wise individual said, You desire that which exceeds my humble powers, but I trust in the compassion and mercy of the All-powerful God.
Once a wise individual said, The framers of our Constitution meant we were to have freedom of religion, not freedom from religion.
Once a wise individual said, The science of the mind can only have for its proper goal the understanding of human nature by every human being, and through its use, brings peace to every human soul.
Once a wise individual said, We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Once a wise individual said, Well, I've ruffled a few feathers at all the institutions I've led. But I think that's part of leadership.
Once a wise individual said, I am a big believer in education, because when I grew up in Austria - when I grew up in Austria I had a great education. I had great teachers.
Once a wise individual said, Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
Once a wise individual said, The time to read is any time: no apparatus, no appointment of time and place, is necessary. It is the only art which can be practiced at any hour of the day or night, whenever the time and inclination comes, that is your time for reading in joy or sorrow, health or illness.
Once a wise individual said, We find delight in the beauty and happiness of children that makes the heart too big for the body.
Once a wise individual said, Life in abundance comes only through great love.
Once a wise individual said, I like women. I don't understand them, but I like them.
Once a wise individual said, I have lived with my husband more than I have with my parents... I live beside him, and know his worries, his hopes, and his dreams for his nation. We believe that things happen by design, not in an arbitrary way. And we believe it is our duty to make things happen.
Once a wise individual said, People in Afghanistan want peace, including the Taliban. They're also people like we all are. They have families, they have relatives, they have children, they are suffering a tough time.
Once a wise individual said, Howard Dean has been successful because he was clear in his opposition to the war. People appreciate a politician with the courage to say, I oppose this war.
Once a wise individual said, I find it fascinating that a lot of business books that do well are from people who've never made any money in business.
Once a wise individual said, I grew up in a food-obsessed Italian family, so food was always front and center in my life. I was a food obsessed person who morphed into a comedian and tried to figure out a way to make fun of my cake and eat it too.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is innocent, not wise. It does not learn from experience, because each poetic experience is unique.
Once a wise individual said, My restaurants are never opened on Thanksgiving I want my staff to spend time with their family if they can. My feeling is, if I can't figure out how to make money the rest of the year so that my workers can enjoy the holidays, then I don't deserve to be an owner.
Once a wise individual said, Global markets must be balanced by global values such as respect for human rights and international law, democracy, security and sustainable economic and environmental development.
Once a wise individual said, Bravery is the capacity to perform properly even when scared half to death.
Once a wise individual said, I'm getting my respect as a video director. The fashion industry respects me and knows who I am.
Once a wise individual said, If money is your hope for independence you will never have it. The only real security that a man will have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience, and ability.
Once a wise individual said, The future depends entirely on what each of us does every day a movement is only people moving.
Once a wise individual said, Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes.
Once a wise individual said, But if each man could have his own house, a large garden to cultivate and healthy surroundings - then, I thought, there will be for them a better opportunity of a happy family life.
Once a wise individual said, There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them.
Once a wise individual said, Next to a circus there ain't nothing that packs up and tears out faster than the Christmas spirit.
Once a wise individual said, I think it's really cool how J. Lo's been able to balance an acting career and a music career. That's something I strive for.
Once a wise individual said, I think it has something to do with being British. We don't take ourselves as seriously as some other countries do. I think a lot of people take themselves far too seriously I find that a very tedious attitude.
Once a wise individual said, I don't run away from a challenge because I am afraid. Instead, I run toward it because the only way to escape fear is to trample it beneath your feet.
Once a wise individual said, But human experience is usually paradoxical, that means incongruous with the phrases of current talk or even current philosophy.
Once a wise individual said, The three great ends which a statesman ought to propose to himself in the government of a nation, are one, Security to possessors two, facility to acquirers and three, hope to all.
Once a wise individual said, Humor is not a mood but a way of looking at the world. So if it is correct to say that humor was stamped out in Nazi Germany, that does not mean that people were not in good spirits, or anything of that sort, but something much deeper and more important.
Once a wise individual said, I wasn't always a writer. When I went to college and majored in fine arts, I was a painter. Then I was a stay-at-home mom.
Once a wise individual said, Now that I look back on it, having retired from being a reporter, it was kind of romantic. It was a wonderful way to live one's life, just as I imagined it would be when I was 6 or 7.
Once a wise individual said, Success is not to be pursued it is to be attracted by the person you become.
Once a wise individual said, A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be.
Once a wise individual said, With my schedule being so crazy, I can't call every day or hang out with my friends like I used to and that's definitely sad.
Once a wise individual said, As a restaurateur, my job is to basically control the chaos and the drama. There's always going to be chaos in the restaurant business.
Once a wise individual said, In every society in human history, including the United States, those in power seek to imbue themselves with the attributes of religion and patriotism as a way of getting greater support for their policy and insulating themselves from any criticism.
Once a wise individual said, Many a man has finally succeeded only because he has failed after repeated efforts. If he had never met defeat he would never have known any great victory.
Once a wise individual said, The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us.
Once a wise individual said, My mother was an actress and my voice teacher, an incredible voice teacher. My biological father is an actor, and my stepfather, who raised me along with my mother, is a psychotherapist. I was always supported in creative ventures.
Once a wise individual said, Willem de Kooning is generally credited for coming out of the painterly gates strong in the forties, revolutionizing art and abstraction and reaching incredible heights by the early fifties, and then tailing off.
Once a wise individual said, I was looking for something like baseball, where there's a lot of data and the competition was pretty low. That's when I discovered politics.
Once a wise individual said, Just because scientists have the knowledge to do it, the technology to do it, and some may even have a financial motive or other incentive to do it, does not make it right.
Once a wise individual said, The quickest way to defuse fear or insecurity or anger is usually humor. I think comics figure that out quickly, and, once you figure it out, you think, 'Hey, if I can do this and get paid, that would be kind of cool.'
Once a wise individual said, I think the British people are very, very attached to the idea that the health service is free at the point of use. But there is no reason why every doctor, nurse and teacher in this country has to be employed by the state.
Once a wise individual said, If you join government, calmly make your contribution and move on. Don't go along to get along do your best and when you have to - and you will - leave, and be something else.
Once a wise individual said, People always complain, 'you never invited me to your wedding', but I prefer casual weddings.
Once a wise individual said, The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.
Once a wise individual said, As long as the food is well prepared and not overdone, I think it tastes good. It doesn't matter if it's Chinese, Japanese, anything.
Once a wise individual said, Real freedom is having nothing. I was freer when I didn't have a cent.
Once a wise individual said, Existentialism is about being a saint without God being your own hero, without all the sanction and support of religion or society.
Once a wise individual said, I would like to be remembered as a man who had a wonderful time living life, a man who had good friends, fine family - and I don't think I could ask for anything more than that, actually.
Once a wise individual said, Are you bored with life? Then throw yourself into some work you believe in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you will find happiness that you had thought could never be yours.
Once a wise individual said, A loving family provides the foundation children need to succeed, and strong families with a man and a woman - bonded together for life - always have been, and always will be, the key to such families.
Once a wise individual said, I've had a lot of success over the years racing in New York, but the main point is that I feel the marathon is a different event, a lot more my event.
Once a wise individual said, Growing up, politics never trickled down to the areas we come from. But people from Obama's camp, and Obama himself, reached out to me and asked for my help on the campaign. We've sat and had dinner, and we've spoken on the phone. He's a very sharp guy. Very charming. Very cool.
Once a wise individual said, My foundations support people in the country who care about an open society. It's their work that I'm supporting. So it's not me doing it. But I can empower them. I can support them, and I can help them.
Once a wise individual said, There is a world of communication which is not dependent on words.
Once a wise individual said, Feudal societies don't create great cinema we have great theatre. The egalitarian societies create great cinema. The Americans, the French. Because equality is sort of what the cinema deals with. It deals with stories which don't fall into 'Everybody in their place and who's who,' and all that. But the theatre's full of that.
Once a wise individual said, The attitude of physiological psychology to sensations and feelings, considered as psychical elements, is, naturally, the attitude of psychology at large.
Once a wise individual said, It's incredibly unfair. You don't see a lot of 60-year-old women with 20-year-old men onscreen.
Once a wise individual said, I might get drunk one day and fall in love or fall over a hooker outside, and I would have consummated a relationship that I couldn't necessarily believe in.
Once a wise individual said, I'm at the age where food has taken the place of sex in my life. In fact, I've just had a mirror put over my kitchen table.
Once a wise individual said, My argument is that War makes rattling good history but Peace is poor reading.
Once a wise individual said, The wisdom acquired with the passage of time is a useless gift unless you share it.
Once a wise individual said, My dad was the district attorney of New Orleans for about 30 years. And when he opened his campaign headquarters back in the early '70s, when I was 5 years old, my mother wanted me to play the national anthem. And they got an upright piano on the back of a flatbed truck and I played it.
Once a wise individual said, I don't remember deciding to become a writer. You decide to become a dentist or a postman. For me, writing is like being gay. You finally admit that this is who you are, you come out and hope that no one runs away.
Once a wise individual said, The next war... may well bury Western civilization forever.
Once a wise individual said, It's very strange writing science fiction in a world that moves as fast as ours does.
Once a wise individual said, I have been astonished that men could die martyrs for religion - I have shuddered at it. I shudder no more - I could be martyred for my religion - Love is my religion - I could die for that.
Once a wise individual said, Success is not forever and failure isn't fatal.
Once a wise individual said, Lots of people I know have bootlegged tapes of performances and if they play it I will be transported back sometimes with happiness, sometimes with horror.
Once a wise individual said, Travel, of course, narrows the mind.
Once a wise individual said, The nature of the movies is different than it was five years ago, and they're all driven by the possibilities of CGI, which means you can make anything happen on screen that you can possibly desire.
Once a wise individual said, What is the good of your stars and trees, your sunrise and the wind, if they do not enter into our daily lives?
Once a wise individual said, Our law is a Jordanian law that we inherited, which applies to both the West Bank and Gaza, and sets the death penalty for those who sell land to Israelis.
Once a wise individual said, How often it is that the angry man rages denial of what his inner self is telling him.
Once a wise individual said, The accumulation of skill and science which has been directed to diminish the difficulty of producing manufactured goods, has not been beneficial to that country alone in which it is concentrated distant kingdoms have participated in its advantages.
Once a wise individual said, This is the curse of our age, even the strangest aberrations are no cure for boredom.
Once a wise individual said, Foreign Ministry guys don't become agents. Party officials, the Foreign Ministry nerds, tend not to volunteer to Western intelligence agencies.
Once a wise individual said, If you read history you will find that the Christians who did most for the present world were precisely those who thought most of the next. It is since Christians have largely ceased to think of the other world that they have become so ineffective in this.
Once a wise individual said, In the new economy, information, education, and motivation are everything.
Once a wise individual said, My mom is a constant in my life in so many ways.
Once a wise individual said, I've wanted to perform my entire life. I found a paper I wrote in kindergarten class about what I wanted to be when I grew up - and I wrote 'a famous singer!'
Once a wise individual said, I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure.
Once a wise individual said, I remember in the circus learning that the clown was the prince, the high prince. I always thought that the high prince was the lion or the magician, but the clown is the most important.
Once a wise individual said, Best of all is it to preserve everything in a pure, still heart, and let there be for every pulse a thanksgiving, and for every breath a song.
Once a wise individual said, Fort Smith, being the place of my longest stay, was the scene of my largest medical practice.
Once a wise individual said, There is no planning. On the night it is really great, it's euphoria and if it is not so great there is always tomorrow night. That was his attitude.
Once a wise individual said, A mother who is really a mother is never free.
Once a wise individual said, Deliberation is the work of many men. Action, of one alone.
Once a wise individual said, Play like you're positive on the victory, even though they're leading big now.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not going to be in a relationship that I don't fully trust.
Once a wise individual said, Men act out like they're horrified by marriage, but when they find the woman of their dreams, they love it.
Once a wise individual said, The progress of society is mainly the improvement in the condition of the workingmen of the world.
Once a wise individual said, The really frightening thing about middle age is the knowledge that you'll grow out of it.
Once a wise individual said, The control of information is something the elite always does, particularly in a despotic form of government. Information, knowledge, is power. If you can control information, you can control people.
Once a wise individual said, The principle of the design - the harmony, rhythm and balance are all the same with interior and fashion design.
Once a wise individual said, No one can possibly achieve any real and lasting success or 'get rich' in business by being a conformist.
Once a wise individual said, As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters.
Once a wise individual said, My goal in 'Live to Cook' is to make great food more approachable for home cooks.
Once a wise individual said, It is not real work unless you would rather be doing something else.
Once a wise individual said, I have advocated an entirely different approach than cap and tax, which would be worldwide in application and which emphasizes technology as a way of reducing total emissions.
Once a wise individual said, When I wasn't famous, I had a lot of friends, almost all of them Italian. The racism only started when I started to play football.
Once a wise individual said, For far too long we've allowed the other side to paint us as racist, as sexist, inhumane war mongers - well, today as a conservative black Republican and former solider, I'm here to set that record straight.
Once a wise individual said, The distinction between children and adults, while probably useful for some purposes, is at bottom a specious one, I feel. There are only individual egos, crazy for love.
Once a wise individual said, It's funny now how much we look at - whatever you want to call it: art, design, culture stuff, film - online, and how in the online world, you're instantly global.
Once a wise individual said, People aren't going to talk about it except me and that is communication and the visits I have personally had in our meetings with our store managers saying if you do these things you will be terminated, period.
Once a wise individual said, You know, I thought we could use a good myth about technology to help guide us through these particular modern waters right now.
Once a wise individual said, I would be sad if it ended now. It's been the best job I've had by a long shot, especially creatively because the writing is so good. Every week I get the script and I laugh out loud and get excited for the different stuff we get to do.
Once a wise individual said, But I think technology advertising will have to stop addressing how products are made and concentrate more on what a product will do for the consumer.
Once a wise individual said, Let a hundred flowers bloom, let a hundred schools of thought contend.
Once a wise individual said, God's desire is that we excel.
Once a wise individual said, In Italy, I had an Afro, and a lot of the kids came up and felt my hair. It really was funny. I wish I had understood Italian.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness does not consist in self-love.
Once a wise individual said, You can't study comedy it's within you. It's a personality. My humor is an attitude.
Once a wise individual said, As I get older, my sense of humor is my biggest asset.
Once a wise individual said, Anger will never disappear so long as thoughts of resentment are cherished in the mind. Anger will disappear just as soon as thoughts of resentment are forgotten.
Once a wise individual said, You know, I'm Australian, and we have got the worst sense of humor. We are cruel to each other.
Once a wise individual said, Professionalism is not sportsmanship. If you don't succeed, you won't be in your profession for long. In our society, it's not about good or bad. It's about who's on top.
Once a wise individual said, India is a curious place that still preserves the past, religions, and its history. No matter how modern India becomes, it is still very much an old country.
Once a wise individual said, Unseasonable kindness gets no thanks.
Once a wise individual said, Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.
Once a wise individual said, Facebook now is mostly about people you know. In the future it could be about people you know less but are more important.
Once a wise individual said, A retentive memory may be a good thing, but the ability to forget is the true token of greatness.
Once a wise individual said, Science has explained nothing the more we know the more fantastic the world becomes and the profounder the surrounding darkness.
Once a wise individual said, Everyone here has the sense that right now is one of those moments when we are influencing the future.
Once a wise individual said, I want to initiate a change in society in the long term.
Once a wise individual said, They who have conquered doubt and fear have conquered failure.
Once a wise individual said, I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.
Once a wise individual said, There is a bright spot or two for the Spaniards. French toast has become freedom toast on the Air Force One breakfast menu, but the Spanish omelet is still a Spanish omelet.
Once a wise individual said, The warrior may fight for gold or for an immediate gain, or for something to take home for the winter to feed the family. The soldier is part of a more complex society. He's fighting for a group ethic of some sort.
Once a wise individual said, I swear, by my life and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine.
Once a wise individual said, The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education.
Once a wise individual said, The harder the struggle, the more glorious the triumph. Self-realization demands very great struggle.
Once a wise individual said, It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness.
Once a wise individual said, I remember once I read a book on mental illness and there was a nurse that had gotten sick. Do you know what she died from? From worrying about the mental patients not being able to get their food. She became a mental patient.
Once a wise individual said, Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.
Once a wise individual said, When your country is in a costly war, with our soldiers sacrificing abroad and our nation facing a debt crisis at home, being asked to pay your fair share isn't class warfare - it's patriotism.
Once a wise individual said, All sorts of computer errors are now turning up. You'd be surprised to know the number of doctors who claim they are treating pregnant men.
Once a wise individual said, Going out and playing football or baseball with the boys, when I was a tomboy, was a great way to learn about winning and losing, and most girls didn't have that experience.
Once a wise individual said, Nothing is more useless in developing a nation's economy than a gun, and nothing blocks the road to social development more than the financial burden of war. War is the arch enemy of national progress and the modern scourge of civilized men.
Once a wise individual said, There is no business in America that would be prevented from taking results into account when making personnel decisions.
Once a wise individual said, I have thought a sufficient measure of civilization is the influence of good women.
Once a wise individual said, Most of those who make collections of verse or epigram are like men eating cherries or oysters: they choose out the best at first, and end by eating all.
Once a wise individual said, Time makes more converts than reason.
Once a wise individual said, An artist cannot fail it is a success to be one.
Once a wise individual said, Social topics may hit too close to home for people, but then again, if you pull a heartstring, then that's what country music is. It's not just songs about getting drunk and leaving your girl.
Once a wise individual said, Abstraction is real, probably more real than nature.
Once a wise individual said, I had my heart set on becoming an English teacher, but stumbled into acting after meeting a theatrical agent in my dad's restaurant in San Diego.
Once a wise individual said, It seems that when you have cancer you are a brave battler against the disease, but when you have Alzheimer's you are an old fart. That's how people see you. It makes you feel quite alone.
Once a wise individual said, My mom put me and my sisters in the water to feel comfortable, to have water safety.
Once a wise individual said, The truth is, if anyone saw my home life, I'm pretty sure it would look like other families' around the world. There's a lot of juggling to be done.
Once a wise individual said, Approach the game with no preset agendas and you'll probably come away surprised at your overall efforts.
Once a wise individual said, By nature, men love newfangledness.
Once a wise individual said, True ease in writing comes from art, not chance, as those who move easiest have learned to dance.
Once a wise individual said, Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
Once a wise individual said, Very often I've known people who wouldn't say a word to each other, but they'd go to see movies together and experience life that way.
Once a wise individual said, I don't feel right unless I have a sport to play or at least a way to work up a sweat.
Once a wise individual said, I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.
Once a wise individual said, Remember we're all in this alone.
Once a wise individual said, I don't have a saviour or a royal family.
Once a wise individual said, Compassion is not a popular virtue. Very often when I talk to religious people, and mention how important it is that compassion is the key, that it's the sine-qua-non of religion, people look kind of balked, and stubborn sometimes, as much to say, what's the point of having religion if you can't disapprove of other people?
Once a wise individual said, I think money is essential to happiness and right now I wouldn't want to be anyone other than Wilbur Smith - I've had a fantastic life, rewarded far more heavily than I deserve. Maybe I'd like to be J. K. Rowling, but I'll settle for second best.
Once a wise individual said, When I was going on auditions, it was nerve-racking. I'd always say to my mom that it would be awesome if I could get a series. When Modern Family came along, I said, 'You know what, Mom? I believe I'm going to get this role.'
Once a wise individual said, We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.
Once a wise individual said, We must seek the loving-kindness of God in all the breadth and open-air of common life.
Once a wise individual said, I find it hard to take rock groups very seriously or treat them with respect. There is something absurd about these gloomy young men getting together and banging away.
Once a wise individual said, Without a knowledge of mythology much of the elegant literature of our own language cannot be understood and appreciated.
Once a wise individual said, I was the type of guy that used to get up in the morning and go out and just out run everybody on the field without stretching or warming up or anything.
Once a wise individual said, You wouldn't want to be called a sell-out by selling a product. Selling out was frowned on, whereas now you can major in it at business school.
Once a wise individual said, The more defects a man may have, the older he is, the less lovable, the more resounding his success.
Once a wise individual said, I had a non-existent knowledge of Queen Victoria's early years. Like everyone else, I thought of her as an old lady dressed in black. My mom had told me about her, though, that she had a very loving relationship with Albert, that they had lots of kids, and that he died young.
Once a wise individual said, To engage with art, we have to be willing to be wrong, venture outside our psychic comfort zones, suspend disbelief, and remember that art explores and alters consciousness simultaneously.
Once a wise individual said, Argument is meant to reveal the truth, not to create it.
Once a wise individual said, When you think of couponing, you picture a mom cutting coupons out of the back of the newspaper.
Once a wise individual said, The charm of history and its enigmatic lesson consist in the fact that, from age to age, nothing changes and yet everything is completely different.
Once a wise individual said, In Kenya women are the first victims of environmental degradation, because they are the ones who walk for hours looking for water, who fetch firewood, who provide food for their families.
Once a wise individual said, There are whole precincts of voters in this country whose united intelligence does not equal that of one representative American woman.
Once a wise individual said, The Feminist Me says that a woman's right to her own body should be inviolate at all times, free from fear of peeping paps.
Once a wise individual said, The U.S. is looking to India as more then just a marketplace for our defense products, but as a technology, aerospace and strategic partner for our future endeavors.
Once a wise individual said, Everyone can relate to love, hurt, pain, learning how to forgive, needing to get over, needing the power of God in their life.
Once a wise individual said, I just write what I wanted to write. I write what amuses me. It's totally for myself. I never in my wildest dreams expected this popularity.
Once a wise individual said, It was generally believed that Catholics were not interested in arts and science graduate schools. They weren't going to be intellectuals. And so I put the theses to the test. And they all collapsed.
Once a wise individual said, I am the government.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes the truth hurts. And sometimes it feels real good.
Once a wise individual said, You'll never have a quiet world till you knock the patriotism out of the human race.
Once a wise individual said, I am never going to have anything more to do with politics or politicians. When this war is over I shall confine myself entirely to writing and painting.
Once a wise individual said, At the time I came along, Hollywood's idea of teen movies meant there had to be a lot of nudity, usually involving boys in pursuit of sex, and pretty gross overall. Either that or a horror movie. And the last thing Hollywood wanted in their teen movies was teenagers!
Once a wise individual said, When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity.
Once a wise individual said, One sure way to lose another woman's friendship is to try to improve her flower arrangements.
Once a wise individual said, For voters what matters is what government actually delivers for them.
Once a wise individual said, Maybe more climate activists will think about the climate change not as an international problem to be resolved in an air-conditioned meeting hall, but as a guerilla war to be fought in the streets.
Once a wise individual said, You can't connect the dots looking forward you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.
Once a wise individual said, All historical experience demonstrates the following: Our earth cannot be changed unless in the not too distant future an alteration in the consciousness of individuals is achieved.
Once a wise individual said, It's far too much to say that effective hoping is the only - or even the biggest - part of what it takes to succeed. If 14% of business productivity can be attributed to hope, that means 86% is dependent on raw talent, fickle business cycles, the quality of the product you're selling, and often pure, dumb luck.
Once a wise individual said, Everything has been said yet few have taken advantage of it. Since all our knowledge is essentially banal, it can only be of value to minds that are not.
Once a wise individual said, Women are the only exploited group in history to have been idealized into powerlessness.
Once a wise individual said, There is no true love save in suffering, and in this world we have to choose either love, which is suffering, or happiness. Man is the more man - that is, the more divine - the greater his capacity for suffering, or rather, for anguish.
Once a wise individual said, This music won't do. There's not enough sarcasm in it.
Once a wise individual said, Communication is a skill that you can learn. It's like riding a bicycle or typing. If you're willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of evry part of your life.
Once a wise individual said, The greatest advances of civilization, whether in architecture or painting, in science and literature, in industry or agriculture, have never come from centralized government.
Once a wise individual said, Put the uncommon effort into the common task... make it large by doing it in a great way.
Once a wise individual said, The competitor to be feared is one who never bothers about you at all, but goes on making his own business better all the time.
Once a wise individual said, I have yet to see a drama that puts forward women who are successful and have a family. Women are nearly always seen as victims.
Once a wise individual said, Flowers always make people better, happier, and more helpful they are sunshine, food and medicine for the soul.
Once a wise individual said, The war on terror, if this is a war on terror, can only be won by a sincere regional and international cooperation. All have to believe they have something at stake and work together. In the absence of this it will become political and interest-oriented.
Once a wise individual said, No emancipation without that of society.
Once a wise individual said, God is not upset that Gandhi was not a Christian, because God is not a Christian! All of God's children and their different faiths help us to realize the immensity of God.
Once a wise individual said, More people have more access to more readers for less money than ever before in history. It means a lot of dross but it means a lot of very talented people can find and nurture a readership in ways that were not possible twenty years ago. From a creative perspective, that is all that writing is about.
Once a wise individual said, Love is a force more formidable than any other. It is invisible - it cannot be seen or measured, yet it is powerful enough to transform you in a moment, and offer you more joy than any material possession could.
Once a wise individual said, The word is the Verb, and the Verb is God.
Once a wise individual said, Imagination has rules, but we can only guess what they are.
Once a wise individual said, There was this mountain village in Russia where my music was getting in on some German radio station. I remember this because music used to get up to Saskatchewan from Texas. Late at night after the local station closed down.
Once a wise individual said, I think that people who have played sports have an ability to relate to people because when you're playing you have to work on teams and with opposing players.
Once a wise individual said, Sickness, insanity and death were the angels that surrounded my cradle and they have followed me throughout my life.
Once a wise individual said, How do you design it so that people can form a space of their own, and feel quiet and contemplative?
Once a wise individual said, Our treasure lies in the beehive of our knowledge. We are perpetually on the way thither, being by nature winged insects and honey gatherers of the mind.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness in this world, when it comes, comes incidentally. Make it the object of pursuit, and it leads us a wild-goose chase, and is never attained. Follow some other object, and very possibly we may find that we have caught happiness without dreaming of it.
Once a wise individual said, If you cannot inspire a woman with love of you, fill her above the brim with love of herself all that runs over will be yours.
Once a wise individual said, I heard my name associated with the Peter Pan syndrome more than once. But really, what's so wrong with Peter Pan? Peter Pan flies. He is a metaphor for dreams and faith.
Once a wise individual said, The players wanted more money, higher salary caps and they didn't have that family relationship we felt with the players. Mentally, the players were more businesslike.
Once a wise individual said, I'm interested in current affairs and social policy as a whole, but I don't watch politics for sport.
Once a wise individual said, Just as the Security Council was largely irrelevant to the great struggle of the last half of the twentieth century - freedom against Communism - so too it is largely on the sidelines in our contemporary struggles against international terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
Once a wise individual said, The 'public' scares me, but people I trust.
Once a wise individual said, I did not have a very literary background. I came to poetry from the sciences and mathematics, and also through an interest in Japanese and Chinese poetry in translation.
Once a wise individual said, In the world of language, or in other words in the world of art and liberal education, religion necessarily appears as mythology or as Bible.
Once a wise individual said, I want to be remembered as somebody that tried to respect her integrity as an artist and as a person. And I don't want to be in any box. I don't want to be one thing.
Once a wise individual said, Photography is truth. The cinema is truth twenty-four times per second.
Once a wise individual said, The approach of death certainly concentrates the mind.
Once a wise individual said, Life well spent is long.
Once a wise individual said, Courage is found in unlikely places.
Once a wise individual said, Literature is the expression of a feeling of deprivation, a recourse against a sense of something missing. But the contrary is also true: language is what makes us human. It is a recourse against the meaningless noise and silence of nature and history.
Once a wise individual said, But I like not these great success of yours for I know how jealous are the gods.
Once a wise individual said, I think 'Tattoo''s a song that can go so many different ways. Some people think of it as a break-up song, but, for me, it's about somebody who comes into your life and really touches you - be they a friend, a family member or someone you're in a relationship with.
Once a wise individual said, I mean, when you get down to very low numbers of nuclear weapons, and you contemplate going to zero, how do you deal with the reality of that technology being available to almost any country that seeks to pursue it? And what conditions do you put in place?
Once a wise individual said, I don't really have a style icon but I really admire the way people dress like Gaga, Rihanna and Gwen Stefani. It's good to be inspired by singers who write music and dress incredibly - rather than models and people in the fashion industry who dress immaculately anyway because it's their style.
Once a wise individual said, I had the idea for the show like a year and a half, two years ago. And it was all about the things that I didn't like about TV. I was trying to create a positive solution for it. And it actually worked.
Once a wise individual said, History is the sum total of things that could have been avoided.
Once a wise individual said, I first became interested in women and religion when I was one of the few women doing graduate work in Religious Studies at Yale University in the late 1960's.
Once a wise individual said, The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
Once a wise individual said, In America there are two classes of travel - first class, and with children.
Once a wise individual said, I do not want art for a few any more than education for a few, or freedom for a few.
Once a wise individual said, Man does not control his own fate. The women in his life do that for him.
Once a wise individual said, I am now almost certain that we need more radiation for better health.
Once a wise individual said, The only way to predict the future is to have power to shape the future.
Once a wise individual said, I am an actor and I live in the world of pretend in my working capacity. I live in the world of my imagination.
Once a wise individual said, A man who cannot be enticed by money or intimidated by the threat of jail or death has two of the strongest weapons that anyone has to offer.
Once a wise individual said, The more I get to do this character, the more I realize that she's not just annoying. It's that her strength is not interacting with people socially. She just doesn't have time because she has so much going on in her brain.
Once a wise individual said, That is what I did with Jack, and that's why he liked to do the readings with me because he knew I was there for him, and for our ability to blend the poetry and the music.
Once a wise individual said, We all have a responsibility to volunteer somewhere and I'm lucky that I get the education and get taken to places to see what's out there and see what's happening and to then be a part of it in hopefully an impactful way.
Once a wise individual said, Even in the common affairs of life, in love, friendship, and marriage, how little security have we when we trust our happiness in the hands of others!
Once a wise individual said, If I think more about death than some other people, it is probably because I love life more than they do.
Once a wise individual said, If anybody ran a business like that they would be out of business quickly, and Barack Obama's leadership is driving this business, the United States of America, toward a fiscal cliff.
Once a wise individual said, Regularity in the hours of rising and retiring, perseverance in exercise, adaptation of dress to the variations of climate, simple and nutritious aliment, and temperance in all things are necessary branches of the regimen of health.
Once a wise individual said, I've always loved music, but I never really played anything. After 'Walk the Line' and learning to play guitar, and having that sense of performing, I think that certainly opened the door for me, for music.
Once a wise individual said, They teach you there's a boundary line to music. But, man, there's no boundary line to art.
Once a wise individual said, Animals, they are one of the most beautiful gifts we have and, you know, if there are people that have compassion, there are very few people that put their money into animal rescue organizations. And if there is someone that has that passion, animals need all the help they can get.
Once a wise individual said, My dad's sense of humor was direct and sometimes surreal - his quick wit is well known amongst our family and friends. He raised me on Spike Jones records and W.C. Fields movies, and his sense of humor fell somewhere in between.
Once a wise individual said, There is no such thing as part freedom.
Once a wise individual said, It's about time that society accepts people for who they are.
Once a wise individual said, I have been up against tough competition all my life. I wouldn't know how to get along without it.
Once a wise individual said, Mom was the one who taught me unconditional love. With Dad, I'd always felt there was something to live up to - expectations. But in the last year, we had a wonderful relationship.
Once a wise individual said, I am more and more convinced that man is a dangerous creature and that power, whether vested in many or a few, is ever grasping, and like the grave, cries, 'Give, give.'
Once a wise individual said, So many of my dreams were to actually be able to make a living of what I did as a hobby.
Once a wise individual said, While Taliban fighters had an initial claim to protection under the conventions, they lost POW status by failing to obey the standards of conduct for legal combatants: wearing uniforms, a responsible command structure, and obeying the laws of war.
Once a wise individual said, The lips on my upper right bicep are my girlfriend's lips. She has the most amazing lips, and I wanted to carry them around with me everywhere I go, considering I can't carry her lips physically with me. So I decided to place them in a discreet location, such as the inside part of my bicep.
Once a wise individual said, Information is not knowledge.
Once a wise individual said, The people who criticise you will not be the ones taking care of your legs when you are in your wheelchair. People who never drove a car in these conditions, they just don't know.
Once a wise individual said, There's no religion but sex and music.
Once a wise individual said, Enraging liberals is simply one of the more enjoyable side effects of my wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, Do not make the mistake of treating your dogs like humans or they will treat you like dogs.
Once a wise individual said, I have no wisdom to share on dating.
Once a wise individual said, Yeah, I know I'm ugly... I said to a bartender, 'Make me a zombie.' He said 'God beat me to it.'
Once a wise individual said, The imagination is the spur of delights... all depends upon it, it is the mainspring of everything now, is it not by means of the imagination one knows joy? Is it not of the imagination that the sharpest pleasures arise?
Once a wise individual said, Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.
Once a wise individual said, Most men are very attached to the idea of being male, and usually experience a lot of fear and insecurity around the idea of being a man. Most women are very identified with their gender, and also experience a tremendous amount of fear and insecurity.
Once a wise individual said, For my confirmation, I didn't get a watch and my first pair of long pants, like most Lutheran boys. I got a telescope. My mother thought it would make the best gift.
Once a wise individual said, I have strongly rejected the proposal to pardon and transfer her to the United States. I do not have the legal power to pardon terrorists and even if I did, I would not use it.
Once a wise individual said, The formula for achieving a successful relationship is simple: you should treat all disasters as if they were trivialities but never treat a triviality as if it were a disaster.
Once a wise individual said, I like to cook Indian food when I can. I find the process of creating a home-cooked meal to be unwinding.
Once a wise individual said, My background was computer science and business school, so eventually I worked my way up where I was running product groups - development, testing, marketing, user education.
Once a wise individual said, History is mostly guessing the rest is prejudice.
Once a wise individual said, Millions of young Americans have graduated from college during the Obama presidency, ready to use their gifts and get moving in life. Half of them can't find the work they studied for, or any work at all. So here's the question: Without a change in leadership, why would the next four years be any different from the last four years?
Once a wise individual said, I'm interested in learning more about myself and what I value in myself and letting that be the beautiful part of me, rather than putting on the makeup or wearing the right designer.
Once a wise individual said, I have a weird sense of humour. My dad's the same. We love watching 'Monty Python' together.
Once a wise individual said, The more I think about it, the more I realize there is nothing more artistic than to love others.
Once a wise individual said, Women are never disarmed by compliments. Men always are. That is the difference between the sexes.
Once a wise individual said, Courage - a perfect sensibility of the measure of danger, and a mental willingness to endure it.
Once a wise individual said, It had never occurred to me before that music and thinking are so much alike. In fact you could say music is another way of thinking, or maybe thinking is another kind of music.
Once a wise individual said, The internet could be a very positive step towards education, organisation and participation in a meaningful society.
Once a wise individual said, Well, honey, I had the million dollar houses, I had the car, I had the horse, I had the barn I had everything. Was I set free? I didn't even know what that meant.
Once a wise individual said, The only sure bulwark of continuing liberty is a government strong enough to protect the interests of the people, and a people strong enough and well enough informed to maintain its sovereign control over the goverment.
Once a wise individual said, Remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have it depends solely on what you think.
Once a wise individual said, In the '80s, I was putting out an album virtually every year, I think mostly based on fear - that if I didn't, people would soon forget about me.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best.
Once a wise individual said, Call it Nature, Fate, Fortune all these are names of the one and selfsame God.
Once a wise individual said, What has happened is that to some degree they have taken an attitude where they don't listen to demos of diverse subject matters. They're looking for demos like the record the guy on the left just did.
Once a wise individual said, As though there were a tie And obligation to posterity. We get them, bear them, breed, and nurse: What has posterity done for us. That we, lest they their rights should lose, Should trust our necks to gripe of noose?
Once a wise individual said, I don't feel the need for religion. But I went on a yoga retreat last year and I do believe slightly in the karma thing and just being good and true unto yourself. And I slightly believe that you can attract good and bad to you.
Once a wise individual said, Everyone who wants to do good to the human race always ends in universal bullying.
Once a wise individual said, Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
Once a wise individual said, As to honor - you know - it's a very fine mediaeval inheritance which women never got hold of. It wasn't theirs.
Once a wise individual said, But it's really hard to eat good when you're traveling because you see fast food and you want to go to this restaurant and that restaurant.
Once a wise individual said, Anytime you play a team sport, the success of the team really makes everything better. It's nice.
Once a wise individual said, Expensive clothes are a waste of money.
Once a wise individual said, We don't come to Canada for our health. We can think of other ways of enjoying ourselves.
Once a wise individual said, The message of music was also the first thing what I learned from my first teacher. She was an organist too and she was very devoted to what she played, so she had a respect for every piece and she felt that she is not allowed to add something of her own.
Once a wise individual said, Every day it becomes clearer that this was the wrong war at the wrong time.
Once a wise individual said, The problem is not that people are taxed too little, the problem is that government spends too much.
Once a wise individual said, Because most people are not sufficiently employed in themselves, they run about loose, hungering for employment, and satisfy themselves in various supererogatory occupations. The easiest of these occupations, which have all to do with making things already made, is the making of people: it is called the art of friendship.
Once a wise individual said, I shouldn't have got married. My dad told me. I was 35 and I got married. He said, 'You're too young to be married'. 'What? I'm 35'. Said, 'You're far too young. You haven't lived yet'. He was right, bless him, thanks, Dad.
Once a wise individual said, I was who I was in high school in accordance with the rules of conduct for a normal person, like obeying your mom and dad. Then I got out of high school and moved out of the house, and I just started, for lack of a better term, running free.
Once a wise individual said, The women's movement completely changed attitudes all over the world in ways we'll never be able to count.
Once a wise individual said, I sometimes lie awake at night trying to think of something funny that Richard Nixon said.
Once a wise individual said, Rashness belongs to youth prudence to old age.
Once a wise individual said, Trust cannot be commanded and yet it is also correct that the only one who earns trust is the one who is prepared to grant trust.
Once a wise individual said, I confess that for fifteen years my efforts in education, and my hopes of success in establishing a system of national education, have always been associated with the idea of coupling the education of this country with the religious communities which exist.
Once a wise individual said, You should celebrate the end of a love affair as they celebrate death in New Orleans, with songs, laughter, dancing and a lot of wine.
Once a wise individual said, We can now have action movies with two stars where one might be African American and one might be Asian American. One of them doesn't have to be white, and the other one doesn't have to be the ethnic sidekick. We're way over that. And I think it's happening in society, too.
Once a wise individual said, I was a total athlete. I loved sports, but when I realized I wasn't going to be a professional athlete, I realized I wanted to be in movies.
Once a wise individual said, I can't understand why the Democratic parties seem so hostile to economic growth and business.
Once a wise individual said, But the problem is that when I go around and speak on campuses, I still don't get young men standing up and saying, 'How can I combine career and family?'
Once a wise individual said, As we advance in life it becomes more and more difficult, but in fighting the difficulties the inmost strength of the heart is developed.
Once a wise individual said, Be obscure clearly.
Once a wise individual said, Junk food drags you down.
Once a wise individual said, Mohammed was not an apparent failure. He was a dazzling success, politically as well as spiritually, and Islam went from strength to strength to strength.
Once a wise individual said, Prejudices are so to speak the mechanical instincts of men: through their prejudices they do without any effort many things they would find too difficult to think through to the point of resolving to do them.
Once a wise individual said, The major advances in speed of communication and ability to interact took place more than a century ago. The shift from sailing ships to telegraph was far more radical than that from telephone to email!
Once a wise individual said, The impulse to cruelty is, in many people, almost as violent as the impulse to sexual love - almost as violent and much more mischievous.
Once a wise individual said, I never saw a discontented tree. They grip the ground as though they liked it, and though fast rooted they travel about as far as we do.
Once a wise individual said, Head Start graduates are more likely to graduate from high school and less likely to need special education, repeat a grade, or commit crimes in adolescence.
Once a wise individual said, The way you communicate an idea is different than the way you communicate a product.
Once a wise individual said, The executive has no right, in any case, to decide the question, whether there is or is not cause for declaring war.
Once a wise individual said, History will have to record that the greatest tragedy of this period of social transition was not the strident clamor of the bad people, but the appalling silence of the good people.
Once a wise individual said, I just spend my money on the essentials. Just basically food and shelter.
Once a wise individual said, No good is ever done to society by the pictorial representation of its diseases.
Once a wise individual said, I'm often called an old-fashioned modernist. But the modernists had the absurd idea that architecture could heal the world. That's impossible. And today nobody expects architects to have these grand visions any more.
Once a wise individual said, Belief creates the actual fact.
Once a wise individual said, While 45 of the 50 States have either a State constitutional amendment or a statute that preserves the current definition of marriage, left-wing activist judges and officials at the local levels have struck down State laws protecting marriage.
Once a wise individual said, Things are done according to money these days.
Once a wise individual said, I do a little fact checking now and then. Other than that its impact is simply that email has revolutionized communication for me, and my website has built up a community of readers, which is a lot of fun.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not interested in trying to work on people's perceptions. I am who I am, and if you don't take the time to learn about that, then your perception is going to be your problem.
Once a wise individual said, Money in politics is a huge issue.
Once a wise individual said, If the skies fall, one may hope to catch larks.
Once a wise individual said, Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
Once a wise individual said, My attitude is that if you push me towards something that you think is a weakness, then I will turn that perceived weakness into a strength.
Once a wise individual said, I found it to be more challenging to be in a huge effects movie, because a lot of the things aren't there.You have to trust the director and react to nothing.
Once a wise individual said, I love you when you bow in your mosque, kneel in your temple, pray in your church. For you and I are sons of one religion, and it is the spirit.
Once a wise individual said, Once I am in the square circle, I am in my home.
Once a wise individual said, I didn't set out to be famous if I'd wanted that, I would have gone on 'Big Brother.'
Once a wise individual said, If you write a novel alone you sit and you weave a little narrative. And it's O.K., but it's of no account.
Once a wise individual said, Learning how to work and learning how to fail is important.
Once a wise individual said, I think when someone is injured in your family, you want to speak to the individual and you want to hear their voice and you want to make sure they are OK.
Once a wise individual said, There's a remarkable amount of sexism on TV. When male characters are flawed, they're interesting, deep and complex. But when female characters are flawed, they're just a mess. It's good to put more flawed but interesting female characters out there because it promotes equality.
Once a wise individual said, Do not imagine that what we have said of the insufficiency of our understanding and of its limited extent is an assertion founded only on the Bible: for philosophers likewise assert the same, and perfectly understand it,- without having regard to any religion or opinion.
Once a wise individual said, It's true that General Musharraf opposes my return, seeing me as a symbol of democracy in the country. He is comfortable with dictatorship. I hope better sense prevails.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom means the opportunity to be what we never thought we would be.
Once a wise individual said, You don't seem to realize that a poor person who is unhappy is in a better position than a rich person who is unhappy. Because the poor person has hope. He thinks money would help.
Once a wise individual said, I hope for nothing. I fear nothing. I am free.
Once a wise individual said, Do you really think it is weakness that yields to temptation? I tell you that there are terrible temptations which it requires strength, strength and courage to yield to.
Once a wise individual said, If US per capita income continues to grow at a rate of 1.5 percent a year, the country will have plenty of money to finance comfortable retirements and high-quality healthcare for all citizens, including those at the bottom of the wage ladder.
Once a wise individual said, Some people think having large breasts makes a woman stupid. Actually, it's quite the opposite: a woman having large breasts makes men stupid.
Once a wise individual said, Originally created to serve the poorest and sickest among us, the Medicaid program has grown dramatically but still doesn't include the kind of flexibility that states need to provide better health care for the poor and disadvantaged.
Once a wise individual said, To create the power of competence without creating a corresponding direction to guide the use of that power is bad education.
Once a wise individual said, I've been &amp am absurdly over-estimated. There are no supermen &amp I'm quite ordinary, &amp will say so whatever the artistic results. In that point I'm one of the few people who tell the truth about myself.
Once a wise individual said, They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, My mom taught us the Serenity Prayer at a young age.
Once a wise individual said, America's greatness has been the greatness of a free people who shared certain moral commitments. Freedom without moral commitment is aimless and promptly self-destructive.
Once a wise individual said, Heaven is under our feet as well as over our heads.
Once a wise individual said, I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.
Once a wise individual said, Death is not the worst that can happen to men.
Once a wise individual said, What people don't understand is joining a gang ain't bad, it's cool, it's fine. When you in the hood, joining a gang it's cool because all your friends are in the gang, all your family's in the gang. We're not just killing people every night, we're just hanging out, having a good time.
Once a wise individual said, Obviously one must hold oneself responsible for the evil impulses of one's dreams. In what other way can one deal with them? Unless the content of the dream rightly understood is inspired by alien spirits, it is part of my own being.
Once a wise individual said, We are a party of innovation. We do not reject our traditions, but we are willing to adapt to changing circumstances, when change we must. We are willing to suffer the discomfort of change in order to achieve a better future.
Once a wise individual said, There are very few human beings who receive the truth, complete and staggering, by instant illumination. Most of them acquire it fragment by fragment, on a small scale, by successive developments, cellularly, like a laborious mosaic.
Once a wise individual said, I remember looking at the sky and thinking that the universe is so big and it's all chaos. I call it 'the dark fear.' At any moment, the dark fear could come in.
Once a wise individual said, Don't ever, ever, believe anyone who tells you that you can just get by, by doing the easiest thing possible. Because there's always somebody behind you who really wants to do what you're doing. And they're going to work harder than you if you're not working hard.
Once a wise individual said, Many say an art dealer running a museum is a 'conflict of interest.' But maybe the art world has lived an artificial or unintentional lie all of these years when it comes to conflicts of interest.
Once a wise individual said, I am learning to forgive my inner geek, and even value him as a free man.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness is the longing for repetition.
Once a wise individual said, My mother wanted us to understand that the tragedies of your life one day have the potential to be comic stories the next.
Once a wise individual said, Mysticism and exaggeration go together. A mystic must not fear ridicule if he is to push all the way to the limits of humility or the limits of delight.
Once a wise individual said, Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
Once a wise individual said, I suffered from post-natal depression after Rowan was born. I had a healthy, beautiful baby girl and I couldn't look at her. I couldn't hold her, smile at her. All I wanted was to disappear and die.
Once a wise individual said, Strength and growth come only through continuous effort and struggle.
Once a wise individual said, I have a new little stray dog that I've had for about a month now. His name is Mikey Mohawk - he's this little terrier with a natural Mohawk. My friend found him hit by a car on Pico Boulevard.
Once a wise individual said, If any of you should ask me for an epitome of the Christian religion, I should say that it is in one word - prayer. Live and die without prayer, and you will pray long enough when you get to hell.
Once a wise individual said, In this great age of communication, there a lot of people you can't actually understand. I know everyone tweets, and twits and texts and all that, but actually we've all got voices, and it is awfully nice to hear them and if you can understand what people are saying.
Once a wise individual said, We are a people that have always celebrated other people's success so long as we always had the opportunity to meet that success ourselves. That is the American nature. That is the American character. That is one of the things that makes us different from the rest of the world. And I'm afraid we could lose that or are on the verge of losing that.
Once a wise individual said, Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake.
Once a wise individual said, He who controls the money supply of a nation controls the nation.
Once a wise individual said, You can't have a university without having free speech, even though at times it makes us terribly uncomfortable. If students are not going to hear controversial ideas on college campuses, they're not going to hear them in America. I believe it's part of their education.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage brings one into fatal connection with custom and tradition, and traditions and customs are like the wind and weather, altogether incalculable.
Once a wise individual said, I would ask my dad what he did, and he'd say, 'I listen to people's problems.' In some way what he did for a living is in my genes.
Once a wise individual said, I try to make the good days great and take something positive from the days I'm not feeling good - work on technique or something like that.
Once a wise individual said, I was sleeping the other night, alone, thanks to the exterminator.
Once a wise individual said, My goal is people associate November with COPD awareness month as much as they notice October with breast cancer and pink. That'd be a great thing if it happened. The fact that COPD kills more people than breast cancer and diabetes put together should raise some red flags.
Once a wise individual said, I have two children and it's amazing how in tune they are with nature, with light, with smells, with time.
Once a wise individual said, The first sentence of every novel should be: Trust me, this will take time but there is order here, very faint, very human. Meander if you want to get to town.
Once a wise individual said, The message that I gave on the - on the steps today was that you need to stand for those things that are right and empower the individual. Believe in the power of one person. Don't believe that you can't do it. Everybody wants - everybody wants a shot. That we can all agree on. Beyond that, it becomes politics. I'm not talking politics.
Once a wise individual said, To make the moral achievement implicit in science a source of strength to civilization, the scientist will have to have the cooperation also of the philosopher and the religious teacher.
Once a wise individual said, One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, indignation and compassion.
Once a wise individual said, I would love to direct but I feel like directing is a whole separate craft and so I tend to respect it as a separate craft that I would need to study first. So, right now I'm still trying to do certain things as an actor and until I get bored of that or I feel completely fed by that then I'll move into directing.
Once a wise individual said, If not for the success that medicine has made, I might be part of a much different story right now.
Once a wise individual said, Hitler and Mussolini were only the primary spokesmen for the attitude of domination and craving for power that are in the heart of almost everyone. Until the source is cleared, there will always be confusion and hate, wars and class antagonisms.
Once a wise individual said, The faith I was born into formed me.
Once a wise individual said, History is, strictly speaking, the study of questions the study of answers belongs to anthropology and sociology.
Once a wise individual said, And of all illumination which human reason can give, none is comparable to the discovery of what we are, our nature, our obligations, what happiness we are capable of, and what are the means of attaining it.
Once a wise individual said, Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome.
Once a wise individual said, The road to the future leads us smack into the wall. We simply ricochet off the alternatives that destiny offers. Our survival is no more than a question of 25, 50 or perhaps 100 years.
Once a wise individual said, I'm way better in person than I am on things like Twitter. I know Twitter is the best and fastest way to connect with fans who really appreciate you but I'm still not cool with it - although I am trying! I try my best but I'm a one-on-one person and I don't want to tell people I'm on the toilet or I just brushed my teeth.
Once a wise individual said, I probably have an earlier curfew than anyone. My mom wants to keep me really safe and my dad's not overly protective, but he's a dad no matter what.
Once a wise individual said, Fashion fosters cliches of beauty, but I want to tear them apart.
Once a wise individual said, I never expected to see the day when girls would get sunburned in the places they now do.
Once a wise individual said, I don't know. I think it's funny! I think it's funny! I go, what? It's so absurd. I'm alone.
Once a wise individual said, Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble.
Once a wise individual said, I never leaf through a copy of National Geographic without realizing how lucky we are to live in a society where it is traditional to wear clothes.
Once a wise individual said, Where is the Life we have lost in living? Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?
Once a wise individual said, Many great actions are committed in small struggles.
Once a wise individual said, Forgiveness is a funny thing. It warms the heart and cools the sting.
Once a wise individual said, We are losing our living systems, social systems, cultural systems, governing systems, stability, and our constitutional health, and we're surrendering it all at the same time.
Once a wise individual said, Congress, the press, and the bureaucracy too often focus on how much money or effort is spent, rather than whether the money or effort actually achieves the announced goal.
Once a wise individual said, There are amazing schools and amazing educators that are doing a wonderful job. And then there are a lot of educators that are not prepared to deal with inclusive education. They haven't been trained. It's really quite lovely and easy when you understand how to do it.
Once a wise individual said, You want to be a bit compulsive in your art or craft or whatever you do.
Once a wise individual said, But whatever my failure, I have this thing to remember - that I was a pioneer in my profession, just as my grandfathers were in theirs, in that I was the first man in this section to earn his living as a writer.
Once a wise individual said, If time be of all things the most precious, wasting time must be the greatest prodigality.
Once a wise individual said, When I read Thirteen Days I was moved by it. It was just a great time for the world, in terms of looking back in history and seeing how we got ourselves into trouble and how we got ourselves out of trouble.
Once a wise individual said, Our scientific age demands that we provide definitions, measurements, and statistics in order to be taken seriously. Yet most of the important things in life cannot be precisely defined or measured. Can we define or measure love, beauty, friendship, or decency, for example?
Once a wise individual said, But men are so full of greed today, they'll sell anything for a little piece of money.
Once a wise individual said, A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.
Once a wise individual said, I don't dare postulate about science, but I know that it takes both emotion and intellect in order for art to happen.
Once a wise individual said, I really had little interest in becoming famous. When I write my book, it will be my guide to avoid becoming a rock star.
Once a wise individual said, Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.
Once a wise individual said, The best kids are going to become the best. But the best thing about it is that you're going to learn lessons in playing those sports about winning and losing and teamwork and teammates and arguments and everything else that are going to affect you positively for the rest of your life.
Once a wise individual said, Never assume that the guy understands that you and he have a relationship.
Once a wise individual said, When my mom ran for the Senate, my dad was there for her every step of the way. I can still hear her saying in her beautiful voice, 'Why should women have any less say than men, about the great decisions facing our nation?'
Once a wise individual said, Imagination decides everything.
Once a wise individual said, Many smart folks seem to think that if you just get your metaphors and messages right, you'll win. That if you start describing what you favor as a 'moral value' - 'affordable health care is a moral value' etc., - then you'll appeal to red-state voters.
Once a wise individual said, Formerly, when religion was strong and science weak, men mistook magic for medicine now, when science is strong and religion weak, men mistake medicine for magic.
Once a wise individual said, I like to eat yogurt in the morning. It's easy and quick and available anywhere.
Once a wise individual said, This is a game. That's all it is. It's not a war.
Once a wise individual said, I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money. I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, wear Reebok.
Once a wise individual said, The trouble with Nixon is that he's a serious politics junkie. He's totally hooked and like any other junkie, he's a bummer to have around, especially as President.
Once a wise individual said, To understand someone, find out how he spends his money.
Once a wise individual said, Nancy Lopez has always been a role model of mine... so to have the opportunity to play for her and spend time with her has been amazing.
Once a wise individual said, I have a profound empathy for people who are in the public eye, whether they manifest it themselves or whether it happened by accident - it doesn't matter to me. I think there's a great misunderstanding of what it is to be famous.
Once a wise individual said, Perhaps people, and kids especially, are spoiled today, because all the kids today have cars, it seems. When I was young you were lucky to have a bike.
Once a wise individual said, I marvel at the resilience of the Jewish people. Their best characteristic is their desire to remember. No other people has such an obsession with memory.
Once a wise individual said, All money is a matter of belief.
Once a wise individual said, The time I burned my guitar it was like a sacrifice. You sacrifice the things you love. I love my guitar.
Once a wise individual said, I think this society suffers so much from too much freedom, too many rights that allow people to be irresponsible.
Once a wise individual said, At my age, I don't think anyone is untouched by cancer.
Once a wise individual said, They should regard me as what I am. I am a spiritual leader and teacher.
Once a wise individual said, Being born in a Christian home does not make you a Christian.
Once a wise individual said, I watched Italia '90 with my Mum and Dad and my brother, you know, leaping around the house when the penalties were on... It would be great to be part of that, to have that kind of impact.
Once a wise individual said, The beauty that addresses itself to the eyes is only the spell of the moment the eye of the body is not always that of the soul.
Once a wise individual said, If men and women are to understand each other, to enter into each other's nature with mutual sympathy, and to become capable of genuine comradeship, the foundation must be laid in youth.
Once a wise individual said, You have riches and freedom here but I feel no sense of faith or direction. You have so many computers, why don't you use them in the search for love?
Once a wise individual said, You have to trust your kids. They have to experience life, and you just hope you've provided them a foundation for what's right and what isn't.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage - a book of which the first chapter is written in poetry and the remaining chapters in prose.
Once a wise individual said, It's always been a dream of mine to get somewhere and to have my mom and dad with me up there.
Once a wise individual said, A baby is God's opinion that life should go on.
Once a wise individual said, For all of higher civilization's recorded history, becoming a man was defined overwhelmingly as taking responsibility for a family.
Once a wise individual said, The best time I ever had with Joan Crawford was when I pushed her down the stairs in Whatever Happened to Baby Jane?
Once a wise individual said, It would be great to be able to pass on to someone all of the successes, the failures, and the knowledge that one has had. To help someone, avoid all the fire, pain and anxiety would be wonderful.
Once a wise individual said, Today 80 percent of all the oil that comes out of the Gulf is from 1,000 feet or more and today almost a third of it is more than 5,000 feet below the surface. What hasn't happened is the safety and the ability to respond to a negative event such as this blowout, has been far outrun by the technology of drilling itself. We need to close that gap.
Once a wise individual said, Why not invest in the future of music, instead of building fortresses to preserve its past?
Once a wise individual said, In my youth I stressed freedom, and in my old age I stress order. I have made the great discovery that liberty is a product of order.
Once a wise individual said, The best way to enhance freedom in other lands is to demonstrate here that our democratic system is worthy of emulation.
Once a wise individual said, Aging is not lost youth but a new stage of opportunity and strength.
Once a wise individual said, If you want to make peace with your enemy, you have to work with your enemy. Then he becomes your partner.
Once a wise individual said, Virtue can only flourish among equals.
Once a wise individual said, Science can purify religion from error and superstition. Religion can purify science from idolatry and false absolutes.
Once a wise individual said, I haven't been faithful to my own advice in the past. I will in the future.
Once a wise individual said, Real programmers can write assembly code in any language.
Once a wise individual said, Governments that block the aspirations of their people, that steal or are corrupt, that oppress and torture or that deny freedom of expression and human rights should bear in mind that they will find it increasingly hard to escape the judgement of their own people, or where warranted, the reach of international law.
Once a wise individual said, Rhetoric and dialectics can't change what I have learned from observation and experience.
Once a wise individual said, I would support a devolution of power out of Washington for education, health care, transportation.
Once a wise individual said, A fool and her money are soon courted.
Once a wise individual said, What is a society without a heroic dimension?
Once a wise individual said, All the laws and legislation in the world will never heal this world like the loving hearts and arms of mothers and fathers. If every child could drift to sleep feeling wrapped in the love of their family - and God's love - this world would be a far more gentle and better place.
Once a wise individual said, The United States is the only power in history that became great by giving and not by taking. I think the crisis was when the United States had more money than ideas. Money doesn't produce money. Ideas produce money.
Once a wise individual said, I like the religion that teaches liberty, equality and fraternity.
Once a wise individual said, Enlightened leadership is spiritual if we understand spirituality not as some kind of religious dogma or ideology but as the domain of awareness where we experience values like truth, goodness, beauty, love and compassion, and also intuition, creativity, insight and focused attention.
Once a wise individual said, Good leadership consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people.
Once a wise individual said, I became kind of a drop-out in science after I came back to America. I wanted to photograph.
Once a wise individual said, What I'm working on now - I'm back to fantasy, although considering that it's me, I'm turning it into a kind of science fantasy. It's a vampire story - but my vampires are biological vampires. They didn't become vampires because someone bit them they were born that way.
Once a wise individual said, I mean, my dad's a television producer, and I knew I could get a job as an assistant or a reader with one of his friends, but it wasn't exactly what I wanted to do.
Once a wise individual said, In general, the art of government consists of taking as much money as possible from one class of citizens to give to another.
Once a wise individual said, Willpower is the key to success. Successful people strive no matter what they feel by applying their will to overcome apathy, doubt or fear.
Once a wise individual said, In Europe they call geeks 'smart people,' and frankly I think we live in a culture that doesn't value intelligence enough so I am very proud in saying that I am a geek.
Once a wise individual said, Self-pity comes so naturally to all of us. The most solid happiness can be shaken by the compassion of a fool.
Once a wise individual said, If we were logical, the future would be bleak, indeed. But we are more than logical. We are human beings, and we have faith, and we have hope, and we can work.
Once a wise individual said, Civilization is a failure. We need to think what we can do together in love and peace.
Once a wise individual said, People always say golfers don't smile. But there is so much psychology in golf so we have to be a bit robotic.
Once a wise individual said, We're taught to be ashamed of confusion, anger, fear and sadness, and to me they're of equal value to happiness, excitement and inspiration.
Once a wise individual said, Walking is man's best medicine.
Once a wise individual said, I have just returned from Boston. It is the only thing to do if you find yourself up there.
Once a wise individual said, Being nerdy just means being passionate about something, including everyone - the coolest people on Earth are passionate and therefore nerdy about something whatever it is, whether it's sports, or gaming, or technology, or fashion, or beauty, or food, or whatever.
Once a wise individual said, For students today, only 10 percent of children from working-class families graduate from college by the age of 24 as compared to 58 percent of upper-middle-class and wealthy families.
Once a wise individual said, There are a lot of things that are personally uncomfortable to show, especially me without makeup and completely bloated or crying. But I've realized that it's time for me to show my audience that you don't have to be perfect to achieve your dreams. Because nobody relates to being perfect.
Once a wise individual said, Given my last position, that I was the first U.S attorney post 9/11 in New Jersey, I understand acutely the pain and sorrow and upset of the family members who lost loved ones that day at the hands of radical Muslim extremists. And their sensitivities and concerns have to be taken into account.
Once a wise individual said, Now it is quite clear to me that there are no solid spheres in the heavens, and those that have been devised by the authors to save the appearances, exist only in the imagination.
Once a wise individual said, Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
Once a wise individual said, The Republican platform specifically says we don't believe in bailing out private business, and yet we did.
Once a wise individual said, We are supposed to enjoy the good stuff now, while we can, with the people we love. Life has a funny way of teaching us that lesson over and over again.
Once a wise individual said, I am firmly of the opinion that women who make a lot of effort to hang onto their looks in middle age (unless they are beauties, entertainers or prostitutes) are rather sad, as one should surely have something more substantial to recommend one by this time, such as kindness or cleverness.
Once a wise individual said, Give me the luxuries of life and I will willingly do without the necessities.
Once a wise individual said, A poem is true if it hangs together. Information points to something else. A poem points to nothing but itself.
Once a wise individual said, Life is essentially a cheat and its conditions are those of defeat the redeeming things are not happiness and pleasure but the deeper satisfactions that come out of struggle.
Once a wise individual said, Libertarians know that a free country has nothing to fear from anyone coming in or going out - while a welfare state is scared to death of poor people coming in and rich people getting out.
Once a wise individual said, I don't regret anything I ever do or say. I don't like to live my life being censored. I like to say what I feel, and I think people respect that because you're honest.
Once a wise individual said, If you wish to travel far and fast, travel light. Take off all your envies, jealousies, unforgiveness, selfishness and fears.
Once a wise individual said, I think you can be cynical about religion on occasion, and certainly skeptical about the degree to which some people use religion to manipulate other people.
Once a wise individual said, I live very normally, I go out with my friends, we go to the movies, I queue, we go to restaurants.
Once a wise individual said, There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home.
Once a wise individual said, So much of design is context.
Once a wise individual said, The government can still conduct clandestine searches of innocent people's private information such as library, medical, and financial records. This is wrong and should have been addressed in a true compromise.
Once a wise individual said, When I see myself in the videogame it's amazing how realistic I look. This is the most authentic and realistic soccer game I have ever seen. It is like I'm looking in a mirror. The attention to detail is incredible.
Once a wise individual said, I was always at peace because of the way my mom treated me.
Once a wise individual said, The whole history of science has been the gradual realization that events do not happen in an arbitrary manner, but that they reflect a certain underlying order, which may or may not be divinely inspired.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is the key to the hieroglyphics of nature.
Once a wise individual said, To be elected president, you have to do more than tear down your opponents. You have to give the American people a reason to vote for you - a reason to hope - a reason to believe that under your leadership, America will be better.
Once a wise individual said, Education, whatever else it should or should not be, must be an inoculation against the poisons of life and an adequate equipment in knowledge and skill for meeting the chances of life.
Once a wise individual said, A drinker has a hole under his nose that all his money runs into.
Once a wise individual said, He is neither a strategist nor is he schooled in the operational arts, nor is he a tactician, nor is he a general. Other than that he's a great military man.
Once a wise individual said, Look at Jessica Simpson. She's famous for being dumb. I guess it started with Marylyn Monroe, and she actually wasn't that dumb, but that's how she was perceived - and that's what got popular.
Once a wise individual said, Auden said poetry makes nothing happen. But I wonder if the opposite could be true. It could make something happen.
Once a wise individual said, You know, in 1975 I couldn't get a job in New York City because I was American. The kitchens were predominantly run by French, Swiss, German, and basically I got laughed at. I had education, I had experience, but got laughed at because I was American.
Once a wise individual said, I've always wanted to get into acting, ever since I was younger. I'd put on shows for my family and run around play dress-up all the time. I think I was 4 when I told them I wanted to do movies.
Once a wise individual said, I refuse to feel guilty. I feel guilty about too much in my life but not about money. I went through periods when I had nothing, so somebody in my family has to get stinkin' wealthy.
Once a wise individual said, It feels amazing to work with writers that write really well.
Once a wise individual said, I can't speak for the future. I have no crystal ball.
Once a wise individual said, We can choose a future where we export more products and outsource fewer jobs. After a decade that was defined by what we bought and borrowed, we're getting back to basics, and doing what America has always done best: We're making things again.
Once a wise individual said, We can close the gap and improve what happens in the classroom by using educational technology that is the same high quality everywhere.
Once a wise individual said, I actually think with age comes some level of wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, Our whole constitutional heritage rebels at the thought of giving government the power to control men's minds.
Once a wise individual said, No one person can possibly combine all the elements supposed to make up what everyone means by friendship.
Once a wise individual said, I am somebody who... - I'm not saying I'm perfect, but I need that freedom, that ability to make mistakes out there. Because there's a fine line between making a mistake or being brilliant.
Once a wise individual said, Focus on your problem zones, your strength, your energy, your flexibility and all the rest. Maybe your chest is flabby or your hips or waist need toning. Also, you should change your program every thirty days. That's the key.
Once a wise individual said, The future lies in designing and selling computers that people don't realize are computers at all.
Once a wise individual said, Most Hispanics are concerned with the same issues other Americans are - the economy, jobs, education. Similar to Main Street America.
Once a wise individual said, There is no end to the violations committed by children on children, quietly talking alone.
Once a wise individual said, It is possible to be a master in false philosophy, easier, in fact, than to be a master in the truth, because a false philosophy can be made as simple and consistent as one pleases.
Once a wise individual said, If death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character, would you slow down? Or speed up?
Once a wise individual said, God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers.
Once a wise individual said, It has long been known for sure that the sight of tasty food makes a hungry man's mouth water also lack of appetite has always been regarded as an undesirable phenomenon, from which one might conclude that appetite is essentially linked with the process of digestion.
Once a wise individual said, Forward, as occasion offers. Never look round to see whether any shall note it... Be satisfied with success in even the smallest matter, and think that even such a result is no trifle.
Once a wise individual said, You ask me if I keep a notebook to record my great ideas. I've only ever had one.
Once a wise individual said, I just don't see myself as a travel writer. I can't. I don't.
Once a wise individual said, My father's death, my move, and my frightening and difficult delivery created a tremendous amount of stress, pain, and sadness for me. I was practically devastated beyond recovery.
Once a wise individual said, Ronald Reagan said that he sought a Star Wars defense only in order to share the technology with the tyrants of the U.S.S.R.
Once a wise individual said, James Bond is quite serious about his drinks and clothing and cigarettes and food and all that sort of thing. There is nothing wry or amused about James Bond.
Once a wise individual said, Being a star has made it possible for me to get insulted in places where the average Negro could never hope to go and get insulted.
Once a wise individual said, The great thing about being a print journalist is that you are permitted to duck. Cameramen get killed while the writers are flat on the floor. A war correspondent for the BBC dedicated his memoir to 50 fallen colleagues, and I guarantee you they were all taking pictures. I am only alive because I am such a chicken.
Once a wise individual said, As you age naturally, your family shows more and more on your face. If you deny that, you deny your heritage.
Once a wise individual said, I like to think my dad was easygoing and kind, and I think some of those things have been passed down. I am like him in a sense of being positive and hopeful. He was compassionate, and I've got a lot of that in me as well.
Once a wise individual said, When a man assumes leadership, he forfeits the right to mercy.
Once a wise individual said, There would be no great men if there were no little ones.
Once a wise individual said, I would borrow my mom's red Borghese lipstick and smear it on like a clown!
Once a wise individual said, Community health centers do a great deal with limited resources. They provide critical medical care services to many who would otherwise have no other place to go or would end up in an emergency room.
Once a wise individual said, Not one man in a thousand has the strength of mind or the goodness of heart to be an atheist.
Once a wise individual said, I've found the best way is to not be scared of the attention but to be grateful for it and open to it. It makes my days better rather than being annoyed that people want my attention.
Once a wise individual said, I figured out it was a social thing, what women were allowed to do. At a very young age, I decided I was not going to follow women's rules.
Once a wise individual said, Women's fashion is a subtle form of bondage. It's men's way of binding them. We put them in these tight, high-heeled shoes, we make them wear these tight clothes and we say they look sexy. But they're actually tied up.
Once a wise individual said, Obviously, losing a parent is very difficult. I miss my dad every day, but I know he would be proud to see me continuing to swim and going for another shot at the Olympics.
Once a wise individual said, It pays to know the enemy - not least because at some time you may have the opportunity to turn him into a friend.
Once a wise individual said, I think there's a vague sense out there that movies are becoming more and more unreal. I know I've felt it.
Once a wise individual said, I stood for parliament with the amazing support and help of my ex-husband, but it's not something that was handed to me like a peerage. I worked hard and was elected. So my achievements, such as they are, are my own.
Once a wise individual said, I spent a lot of time on farms when I was young. My uncle and my dad owned a big farm.
Once a wise individual said, Atheism shows strength of mind, but only to a certain degree.
Once a wise individual said, Equality implies individuality.
Once a wise individual said, There are three hundred and sixty-four days when you might get un-birthday presents, and only one for birthday presents, you know.
Once a wise individual said, I never was a great Thatcher fan, and it wasn't a sad day in my life when she resigned.
Once a wise individual said, While not impossible, it is especially challenging for teenage parents to develop bonds with their children. A high percent of them were themselves children of teenage parents and have never experienced appropriate parenting.
Once a wise individual said, Doubt is the vestibule through which all must pass before they can enter into the temple of wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, When I did 'E.T.,' it sort of solidified the only family I know are these film crews. These gypsies. These filmmakers. That was the solidification and the clicking revelations of 'This is what I want to do with my life and this is where I'm going to survive.'
Once a wise individual said, Standing, as I believe the United States stands for humanity and civilization, we should exercise every influence of our great country to put a stop to that war which is now raging in Cuba and give to that island once more peace, liberty, and independence.
Once a wise individual said, You know when someone's over-flattering you in a way. You smile but you can't believe it.
Once a wise individual said, An act of goodness is of itself an act of happiness. No reward coming after the event can compare with the sweet reward that went with it.
Once a wise individual said, I fought all my life for women to make their own choices, in their personal and professional lives. I made mine.
Once a wise individual said, I get way too much happiness from good food.
Once a wise individual said, The theory seems to be that as long as a man is a failure he is one of God's children, but that as soon as he succeeds he is taken over by the Devil.
Once a wise individual said, Education is when you read the fine print experience is what you get when you don't.
Once a wise individual said, You're scrutinized all through your life - you're scrutinized by your family, by yourself, by society, and your friends in a certain way, shape, or form.
Once a wise individual said, Magnanimity in politics is not seldom the truest wisdom and a great empire and little minds go ill together.
Once a wise individual said, The other thing is this industry has decided it only has one market. Unlike any other industry in the world, unlike film or books or sports even, this industry has decided it has only one market and that's 14 year old boys.
Once a wise individual said, When Communist U.S.S.R. was a superpower, the world was better off. The right-wing media is trying to marginalize the peace movement.
Once a wise individual said, The first mistake in public business is the going into it.
Once a wise individual said, I think that one's art is a growth inside one. I do not think one can explain growth. It is silent and subtle. One does not keep digging up a plant to see how it grows.
Once a wise individual said, People spending more of their own money on routine health care would make the system more competitive and transparent and restore the confidence between the patients and the doctors without government rationing.
Once a wise individual said, Many of the insights of the saint stem from their experience as sinners.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is composing for the breath.
Once a wise individual said, Now a cholera epidemic was sweeping through Southeast Asia and south Asia in the early 1970s, so I started medical school and I joined a laboratory to work on this.
Once a wise individual said, I really enjoyed being Peppy Miller. She was an amazing character and her energy followed me everywhere. When I talk about her I want to be her again.
Once a wise individual said, Our choices are going to determine the future for our children, our children's children, and their children. I take that responsibility very seriously.
Once a wise individual said, Three-quarters of the sicknesses of intelligent people come from their intelligence. They need at least a doctor who can understand this sickness.
Once a wise individual said, These technologies can make life easier, can let us touch people we might not otherwise. You may have a child with a birth defect and be able to get in touch with other parents and support groups, get medical information, the latest experimental drugs. These things can profoundly influence life. I'm not downplaying that.
Once a wise individual said, I'm going to get up every morning at 6:30 to work out. Then, when I've kept with it all week, I give myself something I really want, like a new handbag or a piece of jewelry I'm coveting.
Once a wise individual said, Walking is magic. Can't recommend it highly enough. I read that Plato and Aristotle did much of their brilliant thinking together while ambulating. The movement, the meditation, the health of the blood pumping, and the rhythm of footsteps...this is a primal way to connect with one's deeper self.
Once a wise individual said, All the miseries and evils which men suffer from vice, crime, ambition, injustice, oppression, slavery and war, proceed from their despising or neglecting the precepts contained in the Bible.
Once a wise individual said, The secret of food lies in memory - of thinking and then knowing what the taste of cinnamon or steak is.
Once a wise individual said, I must admit, even though I'm the product of two Jewish parents, I think the Irish temper got in there somewhere, so I'm going to check Mom's genealogy.
Once a wise individual said, I don't know any of us who are in relationships that are totally honest - it doesn't exist.
Once a wise individual said, I would like to have you quote me, Erich von Stroheim, as having said on this day of this month of this year this one thing: you Americans are living on baby food.
Once a wise individual said, You'll know if you're a famous composer if 20 years from now your name appears on a pull-down menu in Band in a Box, alongside Hans Zimmer.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
Once a wise individual said, The fact is that we would have had comprehensive health care now, had it not been for Ted Kennedy's deliberately blocking the legislation that I proposed in 1978 or '79.
Once a wise individual said, A company that pays attention to the family unit is a successful company. We don't isolate the family. We don't make rides that say, 'Hey mom, dad, you go sit on the bench.'
Once a wise individual said, Political promises are much like marriage vows. They are made at the beginning of the relationship between candidate and voter, but are quickly forgotten.
Once a wise individual said, The natural effect of sorrow over the dead is to refine and elevate the mind.
Once a wise individual said, Politeness is to human nature what warmth is to wax.
Once a wise individual said, Books were my pass to personal freedom. I learned to read at age three, and soon discovered there was a whole world to conquer that went beyond our farm in Mississippi.
Once a wise individual said, We trust something in a grocery store and assume it's good. We don't learn about the most precious thing in life-the food we put in our body. Educate yourself!
Once a wise individual said, There's no road map on how to raise a family: it's always an enormous negotiation.
Once a wise individual said, The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away.
Once a wise individual said, Indiana Jones is very much an old-world kind of hero. He doesn't really have any kind of superpower or rely on any kind of technology to help him out of things.
Once a wise individual said, Beauty is truth's smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror.
Once a wise individual said, And I think what people in New Jersey have gotten to know about me over the last decade that I've been in public life is what you see is what you get. And I'm no different when I'm sitting with you than I am when I'm at home or anyplace else.
Once a wise individual said, Even in the beginning, when we knew there was a legal argument about how much our song sounds like his song, as one songwriter to another, I wasn't sure that Cat Stevens would take that as bad.
Once a wise individual said, What's great about the geek spirit is that life never seems to stop us, and they never seem to kill our enthusiasm, our optimism and our hunger to experience the world. We keep our sense of humor, we protect our dignity, we talk to our friends about the experience and then we start again fresh the very next day.
Once a wise individual said, Part of the secret of a success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside.
Once a wise individual said, Parenting, as an unpaid occupation outside the world of public power, entails lower status, less power, and less control of resources than paid work.
Once a wise individual said, We were really grown up for our age and it was an incredible special band.
Once a wise individual said, I like to be busy and I like to have places to go in the morning, when I get up.
Once a wise individual said, The idealists will always be in society, and we will survive.
Once a wise individual said, I already gave my best. I have no regrets at all.
Once a wise individual said, Men, as well as women, are much oftener led by their hearts than by their understandings.
Once a wise individual said, This is not Johnson's war. This is America's war. If I drop dead tomorrow, this war will still be with you.
Once a wise individual said, Wisdom begins at the end.
Once a wise individual said, At the time of Polaroid - and I did a couple of other commercials just before I stopped doing that stuff - at that point I was at the level where they respect you and your opinion and all that sort of thing.
Once a wise individual said, It is absurd to divide people into good and bad. People are either charming or tedious.
Once a wise individual said, I haven't paid for anything since I became famous.
Once a wise individual said, Happy the man, and happy he alone, he who can call today his own he who, secure within, can say, tomorrow do thy worst, for I have lived today.
Once a wise individual said, And, you know, you try and preach to them there's more to this game than just walking up to home plate, swinging the bat, fielding a ground ball. There's some dedication in it, some love you've got to put into this work.
Once a wise individual said, The best proof of love is trust.
Once a wise individual said, Business, that's easily defined - it's other people's money.
Once a wise individual said, Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty.
Once a wise individual said, Jealousy is bred in doubts. When those doubts change into certainties, then the passion either ceases or turns absolute madness.
Once a wise individual said, My parents are wonderful, and I'm really lucky - but my mom has always been almost exclusively a right-brained person.
Once a wise individual said, My mother used to take me to flea markets in my stroller, and I would just rummage through the piles. You've got to dig through the overstuffed racks that everyone else just walks by. It's the only way to find the cool stuff.
Once a wise individual said, Dad needs to show an incredible amount of respect and humor and friendship toward his mate so the kids understand their parents are sexy, they're fun, they do things together, they're best friends. Kids learn by example. If I respect Mom, they're going to respect Mom.
Once a wise individual said, My whole thing is that I want to explore why you read books, what's the purpose of reading, and maybe that it's not that cool to hate something just because it's popular.
Once a wise individual said, To tax and to please, no more than to love and to be wise, is not given to men.
Once a wise individual said, An educated people can be easily governed.
Once a wise individual said, Young people ask me if this country is serious about science. They aren't thinking about the passport that they will hold, but the country that they must rely on for support and encouragement.
Once a wise individual said, Civil war? What does that mean? Is there any foreign war? Isn't every war fought between men, between brothers?
Once a wise individual said, Most cooks try to learn by making dishes. Doesn't mean you can cook. It means you can make that dish. When you can cook is when you can go to a farmers market, buy a bunch of stuff, then go home and make something without looking at a recipe. Now you're cooking.
Once a wise individual said, I was supposed to have a relationship with Judy, but that never happened. Actors in series didn't have the control that they have today over their jobs.
Once a wise individual said, The moment of change is the only poem.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry may make us from time to time a little more aware of the deeper, unnamed feelings which form the substratum of our being, to which we rarely penetrate for our lives are mostly a constant evasion of ourselves.
Once a wise individual said, Creative activity could be described as a type of learning process where teacher and pupil are located in the same individual.
Once a wise individual said, No great intellectual thing was ever done by great effort.
Once a wise individual said, Stand up is really fun because if I think of a joke or a funny idea, then I can just go and tell some people and if they laugh, they laugh right away.
Once a wise individual said, And at five o'clock in the morning we left to drive to Old Tucson, and I sat with my mouth open in the van. I was stunned by the beauty of that country.
Once a wise individual said, Los Angeles is like a beauty parlor at the end of the universe.
Once a wise individual said, What I'm attempting to do is to show people that if I can spend some time with very dangerous spiders and snakes and scorpions, then maybe they'll feel different about the spiders and snakes they find around their areas. I don't need people to keep them as pets. I just like them to be respectful and see that everything in nature has its place.
Once a wise individual said, Rereading A.J. Liebling carries me happily back to an age when all good journalists knew they had plenty to be modest about, and were.
Once a wise individual said, Dreams grow holy put in action.
Once a wise individual said, But it's a journey and the sad thing is you only learn from experience, so as much as someone can tell you things, you have to go out there and make your own mistakes in order to learn.
Once a wise individual said, I took the fear of marriage from my parents' relationship, because I didn't want to end up in a relationship like that, whereas my brothers and sisters learnt a lesson from it and made sure they didn't carry it on into their own marriages.
Once a wise individual said, I really, really, really want to do a silly romantic comedy where I can just have a crush on the guy, trip over myself, and laugh and be goofy. I just feel like all I do is cry, sob, and fight zombies and the bad guys.
Once a wise individual said, God's truth judges created things out of love, and Satan's truth judges them out of envy and hatred.
Once a wise individual said, Grief is only the memory of widowed affections.
Once a wise individual said, In business, you're the Chief Salesman. Create a sense of demand, rather than waiting to have demand.
Once a wise individual said, There are pros and cons of experience. A con is that you can't look at the business with a fresh pair of eyes and as objectively as if you were a new CEO. Fire yourself on a Friday night and come in on Monday morning as if a search firm put you there as a turn-around leader. Can you be objective and make the bold change?
Once a wise individual said, The best place a person can die, is where they die for others.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not an old, experienced hand at politics. But I am now seasoned enough to have learned that the hardest thing about any political campaign is how to win without proving that you are unworthy of winning.
Once a wise individual said, Newt Gingrich is one of the brightest people in the Republican Party and he's always been a little unorthodox in his approach to politics, but that's what makes him Newt Gingrich.
Once a wise individual said, Experience does not err. Only your judgments err by expecting from her what is not in her power.
Once a wise individual said, I arrived in California with no job, no car, and no money, but, like millions of other girls, a dream.
Once a wise individual said, Man cannot live by bread alone he must have peanut butter.
Once a wise individual said, The paradox of courage is that a man must be a little careless of his life even in order to keep it.
Once a wise individual said, While we are focusing on fear, worry, or hate, it is not possible for us to be experiencing happiness, enthusiasm or love.
Once a wise individual said, I sat with him for three hours and we did not exchange a single word. At the end he handed me, as he had done before, an envelope with money in it. It would have been much nicer if he had enclosed a greeting or a loving word. I would have been so pleased if he had.
Once a wise individual said, If thou desire the love of God and man, be humble, for the proud heart, as it loves none but itself, is beloved of none but itself. Humility enforces where neither virtue, nor strength, nor reason can prevail.
Once a wise individual said, I wish I was a shredder that could play everything, but I don't have the patience.
Once a wise individual said, I'm sure that there are reasonable people that had some reasonable projections about the future of New Orleans, but none of those could include not trying to rebuild the city and make it better than it was before.
Once a wise individual said, Many people are in the dark when it comes to money, and I'm going to turn on the lights.
Once a wise individual said, I think we risk becoming the best informed society that has ever died of ignorance.
Once a wise individual said, The combination of landing the biggest interview of my career and having a drill in my back reminds me that God only gives us what we can handle and that it helps to have a good sense of humor when we run smack into the absurdity of life.
Once a wise individual said, I went to medical school because I wanted to ask the big questions. Do we have a soul? Does God exist? What happens after death?
Once a wise individual said, That's the hard part about sport: as men we haven't started to be in our prime, but as athletes we are old people. I needed support. I lost trust and did stupid things.
Once a wise individual said, The man of genius is he and he alone who finds such joy in his art that he will work at it come hell or high water.
Once a wise individual said, The 'democracy gap' in our politics and elections spells a deep sense of powerlessness by people who drop out, do not vote, or listlessly vote for the 'least worst' every four years and then wonder why after every cycle the 'least worst' gets worse.
Once a wise individual said, To talk about balance, it's easier to talk about what's out of balance. And I think anytime that you have any disease, and disease meaning lack of ease, lack of flow... dis-ease. So any time there's disease, you're out of balance, whether it's jealousy, anger, greed, anxiety, fear.
Once a wise individual said, What most people don't seem to realize is that there is just as much money to be made out of the wreckage of a civilization as from the upbuilding of one.
Once a wise individual said, You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back?
Once a wise individual said, It's amazing when you're playing to a crowd who barely understands English but they're singing parts of your song back to you.
Once a wise individual said, I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country.
Once a wise individual said, Death doesn't frighten me now I can think peacefully of ending a long life.
Once a wise individual said, Poverty is multidimensional. It extends beyond money incomes to education, health care, political participation and advancement of one's own culture and social organisation.
Once a wise individual said, It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come.
Once a wise individual said, Religion is not going to come up with any new arguments.
Once a wise individual said, A wise man should consider that health is the greatest of human blessings, and learn how by his own thought to derive benefit from his illnesses.
Once a wise individual said, For Africa to me... is more than a glamorous fact. It is a historical truth. No man can know where he is going unless he knows exactly where he has been and exactly how he arrived at his present place.
Once a wise individual said, I learned the truth at seventeen, That love was meant for beauty queens, And high school girls with clear skinned smiles, Who married young and then retired.
Once a wise individual said, The great fun in my life has been getting up every morning and rushing to the typewriter because some new idea has hit me.
Once a wise individual said, Even if society dictates that men and women should behave in certain ways, it is fathers and mothers who teach those ways to children not just in the words they say, but in the lives they lead.
Once a wise individual said, It's quite a famous story that takes place on Christmas Eve, and the Germans, French, and Scottish are trying to make peace one night and they bury their dead and they play football. I play a German opera singer, in German, which I never have so I am really excited about that.
Once a wise individual said, The best security for civilization is the dwelling, and upon properly appointed and becoming dwellings depends, more than anything else, the improvement of mankind.
Once a wise individual said, When my mom ran for the Senate, my dad was there for her every step of the way. I can still hear her saying in her beautiful voice, 'Why should women have any less say than men, about the great decisions facing our nation?'
Once a wise individual said, An emotional man may possess no humor, but a humorous man usually has deep pockets of emotion, sometimes tucked away or forgotten.
Once a wise individual said, What seems to be generosity is often no more than disguised ambition, which overlooks a small interest in order to secure a great one.
Once a wise individual said, Success is steady progress toward one's personal goals.
Once a wise individual said, Great dislike to the Bible was shown by those who conversed with me about it, and several have remarked to me, at different times, that if it were not for that book, Catholics would never be led to renounce their own faith.
Once a wise individual said, I think I've become more like my mom just because of what we're both interested in, children and teaching and writing.
Once a wise individual said, Even back then, I exuded self-confidence, and that drives women crazy.
Once a wise individual said, When I was in my 30s, I was at the end of a long-term relationship and going through a very hard time. I'd had about 15 different addresses and a series of relationships. I thought, 'It's time to have a look at yourself.'
Once a wise individual said, With any child entering adolescence, one hunts for signs of health, is desperate for the smallest indication that the child's problems will never be important enough for a television movie.
Once a wise individual said, American influence in the world is certainly considerable, but the United States does not control, directly or indirectly, the politics and economics of other societies, as empires have always done, save for a few special cases that turn out to be the exceptions that prove the rule.
Once a wise individual said, There is nothing wrong with America that faith, love of freedom, intelligence, and energy of her citizens cannot cure.
Once a wise individual said, People who shop in health food stores never look healthy.
Once a wise individual said, Let's create a legal system that can work.
Once a wise individual said, We wanted Nike to be the world's best sports and fitness company. Once you say that, you have a focus. You don't end up making wing tips or sponsoring the next Rolling Stones world tour.
Once a wise individual said, Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
Once a wise individual said, If you die you're completely happy and your soul somewhere lives on. I'm not afraid of dying. Total peace after death, becoming someone else is the best hope I've got.
Once a wise individual said, Except for politics, no business is scrutinized more exhaustively than journalism.
Once a wise individual said, I think it's important to travel around in order to get a notion of what's going on, to find out what people are think about. I enjoy talking on campuses most because people are more informed and discussion is generally livelier.
Once a wise individual said, Life is hard. Then you die. Then they throw dirt in your face. Then the worms eat you. Be grateful it happens in that order.
Once a wise individual said, We all need to look into the dark side of our nature - that's where the energy is, the passion. People are afraid of that because it holds pieces of us we're busy denying.
Once a wise individual said, Americans have always had an ambivalent attitude toward intelligence. When they feel threatened, they want a lot of it, and when they don't, they regard the whole thing as somewhat immoral.
Once a wise individual said, Someone who doesn't take herself too seriously and can be a goofball. Because everyone's a nerd inside, I don't care how cool you are.
Once a wise individual said, Everyone can relate to love, hurt, pain, learning how to forgive, needing to get over, needing the power of God in their life.
Once a wise individual said, How can a Man respect his Wife when he has a contemptible Opinion of her and her Sex?
Once a wise individual said, Trust me, if I were gay I'd be getting more action than I'm getting now.
Once a wise individual said, My dad used to say to me, 'You look more like me than I do.'
Once a wise individual said, That person has to be accountable for himself. I think that's what we have to do in society today is to be accountable for yourself. I think we have the tendency to always want to live someone else's life.
Once a wise individual said, Money is the root of all evil, and yet it is such a useful root that we cannot get on without it any more than we can without potatoes.
Once a wise individual said, So fear helps me from making mistakes, but I make lot of mistakes.
Once a wise individual said, Looking back, I think I was always musical. My dad was very musical, and I think my mom was musical.
Once a wise individual said, While a large segment of the art world has obsessed over a tiny number of stars and their prices, an aesthetic shift has been occurring. It's not a movement - movements are more sure of themselves. It's a change of mood or expectation, a desire for art to be more than showy effects, big numbers, and gamesmanship.
Once a wise individual said, Every man, either to his terror or consolation, has some sense of religion.
Once a wise individual said, Hugh Grant is the main man. He's the number one romantic comedy man in the world.
Once a wise individual said, Oh my gosh, I feel like I'm really obsessive about anything dealing with my health.
Once a wise individual said, I have noticed... that men usually leave married women alone and are inclined to treat all wives with respect. This is no great credit to married women.
Once a wise individual said, Whenever I travel anywhere, I'm constantly asked if I'm Swedish. It's the burden of most Norwegians. The Swedes have just got a better publicity agent, I think.
Once a wise individual said, If thou desire the love of God and man, be humble, for the proud heart, as it loves none but itself, is beloved of none but itself. Humility enforces where neither virtue, nor strength, nor reason can prevail.
Once a wise individual said, I definitely wanted to be an actor. I didn't want to be on TV, I didn't want to be famous, I didn't want to be anyone in particular I just wanted to do it. I see young people now who look at magazines, or American Idol and their goal is to have that lifestyle - to have good handbags, or go out with cute guys from shows, or whatever. But I definitely wanted to be an actor.
Once a wise individual said, As long as men are free to ask what they must, free to say what they think, free to think what they will, freedom can never be lost and science can never regress.
Once a wise individual said, Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own... Jealousy is a disease, love is a healthy condition. The immature mind often mistakes one for the other, or assumes that the greater the love, the greater the jealousy.
Once a wise individual said, It seems to me I spent my life in car pools, but you know, that's how I kept track of what was going on.
Once a wise individual said, Christmas is a holiday that persecutes the lonely, the frayed, and the rejected.
Once a wise individual said, Lifestyle change and changes in diet work faster, better and more cheaply than any medication and are as effective or more effective than gastric bypass without any side effects or long-term complications.
Once a wise individual said, I had a really bad temper, when I was growing up. Sport helped me channel that temper into more positive acts.
Once a wise individual said, Music of all arts should be expansive and inclusive.
Once a wise individual said, I know we can't always know what medical surprises may happen during childbirth. But my hope is to go fully natural - no epidural, no interventions. Wish me luck.
Once a wise individual said, You can just drift unhappily towards this vision of heaven on earth, and ultimately that is what architecture is a vision of: Heaven on earth, at it's best.
Once a wise individual said, Wondrous is the strength of cheerfulness, and its power of endurance - the cheerful man will do more in the same time, will do it better, will preserve it longer, than the sad or sullen.
Once a wise individual said, Saturdays and Sundays, America in the year 2009 does not in some ways differ significantly from the country that existed almost 50 years ago. This is truly sad.
Once a wise individual said, That was when I realised that music is the most profound, magical form of communication there is.
Once a wise individual said, We are not at peace with others because we are not at peace with ourselves, and we are not at peace with ourselves because we are not at peace with God.
Once a wise individual said, I feel there's a power in theatre, but it's an indirect power. It's like the relationship of the sleeper to the unconscious. You discover things you can't afford to countenance in waking life. You can forget them, remember them a day later or not have any idea what they are about.
Once a wise individual said, Education is a crutch with which the foolish attack the wise to prove that they are not idiots.
Once a wise individual said, One of my favorite activities as a teen-ager was to watch television over the phone with my best friend.
Once a wise individual said, Greek philosophy seems to have met with something with which a good tragedy is not supposed to meet, namely, a dull ending.
Once a wise individual said, The biggest thrill a ballplayer can have is when your son takes after you. That happened when my Bobby was in his championship Little League game. He really showed me something. Struck out three times. Made an error that lost the game. Parents were throwing things at our car and swearing at us as we drove off. Gosh, I was proud.
Once a wise individual said, We were learning together. We'd go to various clinics and try to learn as much as possible.
Once a wise individual said, The best scientist is open to experience and begins with romance - the idea that anything is possible.
Once a wise individual said, Looking back, there is nothing wrong with that peace, love and equality that the hippies espoused. In many ways, we have regressed because they were into organic food, back to nature, make love not war, be good to all men, share and share alike - which is what many are talking about now.
Once a wise individual said, Every profession will have its rogues, of course, no matter what oaths are sworn, but many health care professionals have a real commitment to serving the best interests of their clients.
Once a wise individual said, I wouldn't say I was the best manager in the business. But I was in the top one.
Once a wise individual said, Before 'Twilight,' occasionally I would get the 'Hey are you that girl from that movie?' but no one knew my first and last name. The fans of the saga are amazing, and it's very flattering.
Once a wise individual said, Growing up I didn't watch movies.
Once a wise individual said, Now science has presented us with a hope called stem cell research, which may provide our scientists with many answers that have for so long been beyond our grasp.
Once a wise individual said, Research is starting to show that a child should be engaged at least 20 hours a week. I do not think it matters which program you choose as long as it keeps the child actively engaged with the therapist, teacher, or parent for at least 20 hours a week.
Once a wise individual said, It isn't enough for you to love money - it's also necessary that money should love you.
Once a wise individual said, Faith: Belief without evidence in what is told by one who speaks without knowledge, of things without parallel.
Once a wise individual said, My mother was a terrific force in my life. Wartime-generation woman, hadn't gone to university but should have done. Was very funny, very verbal, very clever, very witty.
Once a wise individual said, This communication alone, by the comparison of the antagonisms, rivalries, movements which give birth to decisive moments, permits the evolution of the soul, whereby a man realizes himself on earth. It is impossible to be concerned with anything else in art.
Once a wise individual said, I was never famous as a kid. That's the biggest difference between me and any other kid actor is that I wasn't famous as a kid.
Once a wise individual said, I cannot imagine a God who rewards and punishes the objects of his creation and is but a reflection of human frailty.
Once a wise individual said, I had reasoned this out in my mind, there was one of two things I had a right to, liberty or death if I could not have one, I would have the other.
Once a wise individual said, I always wanted a guitar. I always wanted to be a cowboy singer because I also listened to Hank Williams, and he would always sing these neat romantic songs.
Once a wise individual said, The great gift of Easter is hope - Christian hope which makes us have that confidence in God, in his ultimate triumph, and in his goodness and love, which nothing can shake.
Once a wise individual said, Perhaps, to the uninformed, it may appear unaccountable that a man should be able to retain in his memory such a variety of learning but the close alliance with each other, of the different branches of science, will explain the difficulty.
Once a wise individual said, I am a leader by default, only because nature does not allow a vacuum.
Once a wise individual said, God will not look you over for medals degrees or diplomas, but for scars.
Once a wise individual said, The toughest thing about the power of trust is that it's very difficult to build and very easy to destroy. The essence of trust building is to emphasize the similarities between you and the customer.
Once a wise individual said, Have regular hours for work and play make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will be delightful, old age will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.
Once a wise individual said, I am a soul. I know well that what I shall render up to the grave is not myself. That which is myself will go elsewhere. Earth, thou art not my abyss!
Once a wise individual said, If I don't make the team out of spring training, I'll keep a good attitude. I'll just go polish up the parts of my game that made me not stay in the big leagues.
Once a wise individual said, The presidents of colleges have to have some courage to step forward. You can't limit alcohol in college sports, you have to get rid of it.
Once a wise individual said, I sure lost my musical direction in Hollywood. My songs were the same conveyer belt mass production, just like most of my movies were.
Once a wise individual said, Pet me, touch me, love me, that's what I get when I perform. That's when I'm really getting what I want.
Once a wise individual said, I always loved the way music made me feel. I did sports at school and all, but when I got home, it was just music. Everybody in my neighborhood loved music. I could jump the back fence and be in the park where there were ghetto blasters everywhere.
Once a wise individual said, God is each truly and exalted thing, therefore the individual himself to the highest degree. But are not nature and the world individuals?
Once a wise individual said, 'Men have forgotten this truth,' said the fox. 'But you must not forget it. You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.'
Once a wise individual said, I mean that I think I find the psychology of people more interesting than politics. I think the psychology of politics is more interesting than straight politics.
Once a wise individual said, The sound of the blades on the ice in the morning is like smelling fresh coffee.
Once a wise individual said, Part of show business is magic. You don't know how it happens.
Once a wise individual said, When you think of how history is revealed, we know certain things to be facts at certain periods of time, which turn out not to be so factual as time marches on.
Once a wise individual said, The amazing thing is that I'm sane. I'm not bitter. I'm not drugged out. I'm not broke. I'm still married to the same guy. My children don't hate me.
Once a wise individual said, Am I a criminal? The world knows I'm not a criminal. What are they trying to put me in jail for? You've lost common sense in this society because of religious fanaticism and dogma.
Once a wise individual said, I was in choir in school. I kind of just did it. I already knew I wanted to sing. My music program in my school wasn't really great - people didn't really want to be part of the choir, they didn't want to do the plays and stuff like that. It definitely wasn't the cool thing to do.
Once a wise individual said, Heather knows why and when her marriage ended with Richie and she knows why my marriage ended with Charlie.
Once a wise individual said, I've given it my all. I've done my best. Now, I'm ready with my family to begin the next phase of our lives.
Once a wise individual said, Although our intellect always longs for clarity and certainty, our nature often finds uncertainty fascinating.
Once a wise individual said, Anyone who said he wasn't afraid during the civil rights movement was either a liar or without imagination. I was scared all the time. My hands didn't shake but inside I was shaking.
Once a wise individual said, I forced myself to think what is the new concept and it became clear to me that it was risk, not only in technology and ecology, but in life and employment, too.
Once a wise individual said, Cruelty is a part of nature, at least of human nature, but it is the one thing that seems unnatural to us.
Once a wise individual said, Things happened there that I don't think are the finest hours for anybody, whether it was a journalist, the legal system or, in that case of the political system, who would say that was an example of when Washington worked best.
Once a wise individual said, Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, All of the great leaders have had one characteristic in common: it was the willingness to confront unequivocally the major anxiety of their people in their time. This, and not much else, is the essence of leadership.
Once a wise individual said, Our wisdom comes from our experience, and our experience comes from our foolishness.
Once a wise individual said, There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life: music and cats.
Once a wise individual said, Many will view the compromises that will be made during your negotiations as painful concessions. But why not view them as peace offerings, ones that will provide in return the priceless gifts of hope, security and freedom for our children and our children's?
Once a wise individual said, Maybe I fear things going wrong so much that I pre-empt them by not getting excited about them when they appear to be. going well.
Once a wise individual said, A moderate addiction to money may not always be hurtful but when taken in excess it is nearly always bad for the health.
Once a wise individual said, Learning gives us a fuller conviction of the imperfections of our nature which one would think, might dispose us to modesty.
Once a wise individual said, It's true, Christmas can feel like a lot of work, particularly for mothers. But when you look back on all the Christmases in your life, you'll find you've created family traditions and lasting memories. Those memories, good and bad, are really what help to keep a family together over the long haul.
Once a wise individual said, The death of my father is probably the biggest thing that I ever faced. Daddy and I were best friends.
Once a wise individual said, Money, if it does not bring you happiness, will at least help you be miserable in comfort.
Once a wise individual said, We can choose a future where we export more products and outsource fewer jobs. After a decade that was defined by what we bought and borrowed, we're getting back to basics, and doing what America has always done best: We're making things again.
Once a wise individual said, My mum and my dad are the sweetest couple.
Once a wise individual said, Hallow the body as a temple to comeliness and sanctify the heart as a sacrifice to love love recompenses the adorers.
Once a wise individual said, I think one of the terrible things today is that people have this deathly fear of food: fear of eggs, say, or fear of butter. Most doctors feel that you can have a little bit of everything.
Once a wise individual said, The Jewish festival of freedom is the oldest continuously observed religious ritual in the world. Across the centuries, Passover has never lost its power to inspire the imagination of successive generations of Jews with its annually re-enacted drama of slavery and liberation.
Once a wise individual said, The 1st Amendment protects the right to speak, not the right to spend.
Once a wise individual said, Great music is in a sense serene it is certain of the values it asserts.
Once a wise individual said, My reason nourishes my faith and my faith my reason.
Once a wise individual said, In my books the technology that I choose to talk about has to serve the themes. What that means is that I end up having to cut out a lot of cool technology that would be really fun to describe and play with, but which would just confuse everybody. So in 'Amped,' I focus on neural implants.
Once a wise individual said, A sense of humor... is needed armor. Joy in one's heart and some laughter on one's lips is a sign that the person down deep has a pretty good grasp of life.
Once a wise individual said, If the Frieze Art Fair catches on, I imagine at least two great things happening. First, we will once again have a huge art fair in town that isn't too annoying to go to. More importantly, Frieze may finally show New Yorkers that we can cross our own waters for visual culture. That would change everything.
Once a wise individual said, Peace demands the most heroic labor and the most difficult sacrifice. It demands greater heroism than war. It demands greater fidelity to the truth and a much more perfect purity of conscience.
Once a wise individual said, I heard a definition once: Happiness is health and a short memory! I wish I'd invented it, because it is very true.
Once a wise individual said, We're in such a volatile climate right now politically. I think they didn't want Assassins to not succeed due to popular opinion and politics, versus on its own merits. I can respect that.
Once a wise individual said, Opposites may attract, but I wouldn't put my money on a relationship of financial opposites.
Once a wise individual said, Both expectations and memories are more than mere images founded on previous experience.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a drugstore beauty girl, I love going to the drugstore and buying makeup.
Once a wise individual said, But it is the province of religion, of philosophy, of pure poetry only, to go beyond life, beyond time, into eternity.
Once a wise individual said, The measure of a man is what he does with power.
Once a wise individual said, Hope is patience with the lamp lit.
Once a wise individual said, Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them?
Once a wise individual said, Once I got married and had kids, I moved away from romantic roles, because it seemed wrong to have my 3-year-old wondering why Daddy was kissing someone else.
Once a wise individual said, Alas! if the principles of contentment are not within us, the height of station and worldly grandeur will as soon add a cubit to a man's stature as to his happiness.
Once a wise individual said, The first principle of success is desire - knowing what you want. Desire is the planting of your seed.
Once a wise individual said, Doing well is the result of doing good. That's what capitalism is all about.
Once a wise individual said, Friendship will not stand the strain of very much good advice for very long.
Once a wise individual said, Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity, worship, love, but no friendship.
Once a wise individual said, According to an ancient Sardinian legend, the bodies of those who are born on Christmas Eve will never dissolve into dust but are preserved until the end of time.
Once a wise individual said, What's great about this country is that America started the tradition where the richest consumers buy essentially the same things as the poorest.
Once a wise individual said, I cringe at backstory. Because it never quite explains or gets into some psychological thing that is never quite right and never quite the truth and who knows why someone is some way.
Once a wise individual said, There's a hysterical, tired sense of humor that comes after working 14 hours a day, six days a week. I like those things because they take the pressure off the constant stress.
Once a wise individual said, Life began with waking up and loving my mother's face.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not an admirer of action movies. I just think, Oh my God, it must be so tiring.
Once a wise individual said, I'm very inspired by past music.
Once a wise individual said, Men are by nature merely indifferent to one another but women are by nature enemies.
Once a wise individual said, We don't communicate in full sentences anyway. We don't need all those words.
Once a wise individual said, Training is full-on. Some days I really don't want to get out of bed and hit that track again. Sunday and Monday morning sessions are always horrible. But who really looks forward to going to work on a Monday morning?
Once a wise individual said, Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.
Once a wise individual said, To be honest, marriage doesn't scare me and that, it's just once you've been together for so long, if you haven't got any kids it's just a big expensive day out for everyone else to enjoy, isn't it?
Once a wise individual said, I don't believe in firing professors. They have academic freedom.
Once a wise individual said, When love is at its best, one loves so much that he cannot forget.
Once a wise individual said, When you are enthusiastic about what you do, you feel this positive energy. It's very simple.
Once a wise individual said, We in the Labour party know better than most that opposition is the easy part. What's more difficult is governing and setting out an agenda for government.
Once a wise individual said, I know that the odds are against a marriage lasting 60 years.
Once a wise individual said, I more fear what is within me than what comes from without.
Once a wise individual said, I do not bring forgiveness with me, nor forgetfulness. The only ones who can forgive are dead the living have no right to forget.
Once a wise individual said, We need a number of solutions - we need more efficiency and conservation. Efficiency is a big one. I think car companies need to do a lot better in producing more efficient cars. They have the technology, we just need to demand them as consumers.
Once a wise individual said, You know, when you really connect with the instrument and everything just comes out on an emotional level very naturally through your playing. That's, you know, a great night. And I think the reason I love touring so much is you're chasing that high around all the time, trying to have another good night.
Once a wise individual said, Parents need all the help they can get. The strongest as well as the most fragile family requires a vital network of social supports.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not really a fashion designer. I just love clothes. I've never been to design school. I can't sketch. I can't cut patterns and things. I can shorten things. I can make a dress out of a scarf.
Once a wise individual said, Chronic malnutrition, or the lack of proper nutrition over time directly contributes to three times as many child deaths as food scarcity. Yet surprisingly, you don't really hear about this hidden crisis through the morning news, Twitter or headlines of major newspapers.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think I really know just how cool Satan really was when I was in Junior High School. Now, thanks to Marilyn Manson, it's no longer a secret.
Once a wise individual said, The game of basketball has been everything to me. My place of refuge, place I've always gone where I needed comfort and peace. It's been the site of intense pain and the most intense feelings of joy and satisfaction. It's a relationship that has evolved over time, given me the greatest respect and love for the game.
Once a wise individual said, My mama told me in college, 'I love you, and you're God's child, but natural beauty will only take you so far.'
Once a wise individual said, Where might is mixed with wit, there is too good an accord in a government.
Once a wise individual said, I was so naive as a kid I used to sneak behind the barn and do nothing.
Once a wise individual said, I don't have a dime left. I am dependent on my friends for food and a small old-age pension.
Once a wise individual said, I've always had a great respect for the picture business. It's been good to me.
Once a wise individual said, You listen to a piece of music and it will remind you of something - it might make you happy, it might make you sad, but it is very emotive. And I think that Duran Duran have always understood that.
Once a wise individual said, I don't care how smart a kid you are. The only way you learn what's not right is from experience.
Once a wise individual said, Fear of failure must never be a reason not to try something.
Once a wise individual said, Time, in general, has always been a central obsession of mine - what it does to people, how it can constitute a plot all on its own. So naturally, I am interested in old age.
Once a wise individual said, Stupid as a man, say the women: cowardly as a woman, say the men. Stupidity in a woman is unwomanly.
Once a wise individual said, If women believed in their husbands they would be a good deal happier and also a good deal more foolish.
Once a wise individual said, While it is important for people to see your promise you must also remember that hope is the keeper of both happiness and disappointment, the father of both progress and failure.
Once a wise individual said, It's an ongoing joy being a dad.
Once a wise individual said, Peace is not made at the council table or by treaties, but in the hearts of men.
Once a wise individual said, I saw that all beings are fated to happiness: action is not life, but a way of wasting some force, an enervation. Morality is the weakness of the brain.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not sure what the future holds but I do know that I'm going to be positive and not wake up feeling desperate. As my dad said 'Nic, it is what it is, it's not what it should have been, not what it could have been, it is what it is.'
Once a wise individual said, Like anything else that happens on its own, the act of writing is beyond currency. Money is great stuff to have, but when it comes to the act of creation, the best thing is not to think of money too much. It constipates the whole process.
Once a wise individual said, As to marriage or celibacy, let a man take which course he will, he will be sure to repent.
Once a wise individual said, I started off playing the clarinet, after I was inspired by listening to my dad's Benny Goodman records.
Once a wise individual said, I don't care about money.
Once a wise individual said, I'm so incredibly tired of giving respect to a lot of delusions and crazy ideas just because they are regarded as religions.
Once a wise individual said, A female piano player is always pretty cool to me.
Once a wise individual said, I certainly didn't say while writing 'Gossip Girl,' 'Oh this is going to be big!' It was really like, 'Oh god, everyone's gong to hate these people! They're so bratty!' But I actually think what is so appealing about them is the humor in them.
Once a wise individual said, My mom was dying for me to write a book, she was my biggest advocate.
Once a wise individual said, My message is that God is a good God.
Once a wise individual said, Why does watching a dog be a dog fill one with happiness?
Once a wise individual said, So a more sensible thing it seemed to me was to go to Silicon Valley and be pushing on the technology companies to accelerate the use of audio and music in computers.
Once a wise individual said, And yet, I suppose you mourn the loss or the death of what you thought your life was, even if you find your life is better after. You mourn the future that you thought you'd planned.
Once a wise individual said, It's always nice when you do something and it's well received as opposed to the other way which God knows happens to everybody. When the good times come around, you take a deep breath, appreciate it, but not take it too seriously.
Once a wise individual said, Driving a motorcycle is like flying. All your senses are alive. When I ride through Beverly Hills in the early morning, and all the sprinklers have turned off, the scents that wash over me are just heavenly. Being House is like flying, too. You're free of the gravity of what people think.
Once a wise individual said, Although I do use some of my psychology training in comedy, but it's more like pop psychology, not a course of treatment or anything. To me, it's more like social intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, God expects from men something more than at such times, and that it were much to be wished for the credit of their religion as well as the satisfaction of their conscience that their Easter devotions would in some measure come up to their Easter dress.
Once a wise individual said, Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress.
Once a wise individual said, There are more people than you think who want to have a challenging experience, in which they are obliged to reflect about the past.
Once a wise individual said, Value your freedom or you will lose it, teaches history. 'Don't bother us with politics', respond those who don't want to learn.
Once a wise individual said, When you decide to get involved in a military operation in a place like Syria, you've got to be prepared, as we learned from Iraq and Afghanistan, to become the government, and I'm not sure any country, either the United States or I don't hear of anyone else, who's willing to take on that responsibility.
Once a wise individual said, Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful.
Once a wise individual said, Whatever we are waiting for - peace of mind, contentment, grace, the inner awareness of simple abundance - it will surely come to us, but only when we are ready to receive it with an open and grateful heart.
Once a wise individual said, All travel has its advantages. If the passenger visits better countries, he may learn to improve his own. And if fortune carries him to worse, he may learn to enjoy it.
Once a wise individual said, The Left is doing to America what it has done to almost everything it has deeply influenced - the arts, the university, religion, culture, minorities, Europe: ruining it.
Once a wise individual said, Man is born in a day, and he dies in a day, and the thing is easily over but to have a sick heart for three-fourths of one's lifetime is simply to have death renewed every morning and life at that price is not worth living.
Once a wise individual said, I love John Waters. There's stuff in it that's beyond the boundaries of my taste, but his movies have always been like that.
Once a wise individual said, The fact is that more people have been slaughtered in the name of religion than for any other single reason. That, THAT my friends, is true perversion.
Once a wise individual said, He who rejects change is the architect of decay. The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery.
Once a wise individual said, Time moves in one direction, memory in another.
Once a wise individual said, The Vietnamese people deeply love independence, freedom and peace. But in the face of United States aggression they have risen up, united as one man.
Once a wise individual said, Everyone got kind of crazy with me mentioning I was in love with a woman.
Once a wise individual said, Oh, I was never a businessman. I was a visionary, a dreamer.
Once a wise individual said, I can get very philosophical and ask the questions Keats was asking as a young guy. What are we here for? What's a soul? What's it all about? What is thinking about, imagination?
Once a wise individual said, I've learned to have a sense of humor about myself. Lord knows everyone else does!
Once a wise individual said, We feel unsatisfied until we know ourselves akin even with that greatness which made the spots on which it rested hallowed and until, by our own lives, and by converse with the thoughts they have bequeathed us, we feel that union and relationship of the spirit which we seek.
Once a wise individual said, And perfect happiness? Man, that's a... the pool is about 92 degrees, the Jacuzzi is about 102 and an avocado farm.
Once a wise individual said, When wealth is lost, nothing is lost when health is lost, something is lost when character is lost, all is lost.
Once a wise individual said, The beauty of golf, you're in charge out here.
Once a wise individual said, It's funny - nowadays people that are famous get chased by paparazzi. They have this fame, but they don't have the money to hide from it.
Once a wise individual said, In the Soviet army it takes more courage to retreat than advance.
Once a wise individual said, He who falls in love with himself will have no rivals.
Once a wise individual said, It was just that we had this phenomenal honeymoon relationship that just kept on going.
Once a wise individual said, If we desire to avoid insult, we must be able to repel it if we desire to secure peace, one of the most powerful instruments of our rising prosperity, it must be known, that we are at all times ready for War.
Once a wise individual said, It's never been an issue for me - I don't want to go on a diet, I don't want to eat a Caesar salad with no dressing, why would I do that? I ain't got time for this, just be happy and don't be stupid. If I've got a boyfriend and he loves my body then I'm not worried.
Once a wise individual said, Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it.
Once a wise individual said, Writing became an obsessive compulsive habit but I had almost no money so I thought about being an urban firefighter and having lots of free time in which to write or becoming an English teacher and thinking about books and writers on a daily basis. That swayed me.
Once a wise individual said, For me beauty is valued more than anything - the beauty that is manifest in a curved line or in an act of creativity.
Once a wise individual said, Finding some quiet time in your life, I think, is hugely important.
Once a wise individual said, The Nobel Prize is an honor unique in the world in having found its way into the hearts and minds of simple people everywhere. It casts a light of peace and reason upon us all and for that I am especially grateful.
Once a wise individual said, A great revolution in just one single individual will help achieve a change in the destiny of a society and, further, will enable a change in the destiny of humankind.
Once a wise individual said, Don't call my lyrics poetry. It's an insult to real poets.
Once a wise individual said, Remember that credit is money.
Once a wise individual said, The skills of the British intelligence community are a great national asset.
Once a wise individual said, I wanted to write about my mother as she should have been if she had not been messed up by World War I.
Once a wise individual said, If the graves of the thousands of victims who have fallen in the terrible wars of the two races had been placed in line the philanthropist might travel from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and from the Lakes to the Gulf, and be constantly in sight of green mounds.
Once a wise individual said, I believe that the testing of the student's achievements in order to see if he meets some criterion held by the teacher, is directly contrary to the implications of therapy for significant learning.
Once a wise individual said, Those whom we can love, we can hate to others we are indifferent.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness is obsolete: uneconomic.
Once a wise individual said, For now I'm just enjoying being a mom. I don't want to be more famous and more rich. I want to be a good mom.
Once a wise individual said, My dad's Irish music was such a huge influence.
Once a wise individual said, My argument is simple, which is, that for several thousand years in Western civilization, marriage has been the union of one man and one woman. Research is overwhelming that children need mothers and fathers.
Once a wise individual said, Love, the quest marriage, the conquest divorce, the inquest.
Once a wise individual said, Democracy... is a charming form of government, full of variety and disorder and dispensing a sort of equality to equals and unequals alike.
Once a wise individual said, Truth knows no color it appeals to intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, Today the people from my State of Tennessee would listen to this debate, or even talk about a reference to God on our money or in the Halls of Congress or in our Pledge and say, please, let common sense and logic win the day and prevail versus legal mumbo jumbo.
Once a wise individual said, Being a CEO still means sitting across the table from big institutional investors and showing your leadership and having them believe in you.
Once a wise individual said, We aren't cool and never will be.
Once a wise individual said, The proper reply to right wing religiosity is not to insist that politics and religion don't mix. This is the stock response of the left.
Once a wise individual said, The power of daring anything their fancy suggest, as always been conceded to the painter and the poet.
Once a wise individual said, When I began to choreograph and find my way pulling other artists' dreams out and changing music in a visual way, there was still a part of me that had something more to say. There was still a desire to rock a stage and ultimately perform the eight count of my dream, but there was a lot of insecurity there.
Once a wise individual said, Man seeks to change the foods available in nature to suit his tastes, thereby putting an end to the very essence of life contained in them.
Once a wise individual said, Life is like an onion. You peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.
Once a wise individual said, The sadness of the women's movement is that they don't allow the necessity of love. See, I don't personally trust any revolution where love is not allowed.
Once a wise individual said, For sure, the 'Obamania' that's fast taking hold reflects an incredible thirst for change in global politics and, dare I say, a wave of optimism that things can be different.
Once a wise individual said, If repression has indeed been the fundamental link between power, knowledge, and sexuality since the classical age, it stands to reason that we will not be able to free ourselves from it except at a considerable cost.
Once a wise individual said, I have a total irreverence for anything connected with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger, the food cheaper and the old men and old women warmer in the winter and happier in the summer.
Once a wise individual said, I don't work very much, and I just sit here waiting for a script that I can't refuse - and I'm not talking about money.
Once a wise individual said, What's the use of happiness? It can't buy you money.
Once a wise individual said, The last thing I want my child to see is Dad running around in the middle of the pack. That would really upset me. And that would upset him. I would be embarrassed to take him to school with kids saying, 'Hey, how'd your dad do this weekend?' 'Well, he finished fifth or sixth'.
Once a wise individual said, I recognize we will pay more attention when we have different leadership.
Once a wise individual said, I wanted to do something inspirational for my children.
Once a wise individual said, Money is like hormones. It's just how you feel on any given day.
Once a wise individual said, Men and women of every faith and good people with none at all sincerely strive to do right and lead a purpose-driven life.
Once a wise individual said, I came up poor. My mother only had a fourth-grade education. My dad didn't have any education at all. But they were very structured. They worked hard. You know, they didn't complain. They didn't murmur. And they believe in the Christ.
Once a wise individual said, We're not all equal, it's simply not true. That isn't science.
Once a wise individual said, People forget... that we structured it so that the government, or the people, would be repaid with a really good rate of return. And as it turns out, that aspect of TARP, that's what happened.
Once a wise individual said, A poem is never finished, only abandoned.
Once a wise individual said, Almost all the ideas we have about being a man or being a woman are so burdened with pain, anxiety, fear and self-doubt. For many of us, the confusion around this question is excruciating.
Once a wise individual said, It is rather a problem of how to secure the best use of resources known to any of the members of society, for ends whose relative importance only those individuals know.
Once a wise individual said, My food is Louisiana, New Orleans-based, well-seasoned, rustic. I think it's pretty unique because of my background being influenced by my mom, Portuguese and French Canadian. There's a lot going on there.
Once a wise individual said, I think we are all interested in end-times ideas and also in the current climate that we are all living in, where money is a little harder to come by, things continue to get expensive gas prices are not too far from people's heads. There are more and more people. Human society's going to have real problems.
Once a wise individual said, I suppose it's amazing how quick life goes by when you have children.
Once a wise individual said, My dad's an architect and my mom owned a French bakery for twelve years.
Once a wise individual said, I've gotten to a point, where I realize that happiness doesn't come from the outside.
Once a wise individual said, Life would be infinitely happier if we could only be born at the age of eighty and gradually approach eighteen.
Once a wise individual said, Peace is when time doesn't matter as it passes by.
Once a wise individual said, It's interesting to feel the pressure of having to be outgoing, because I think in general, as a human being, I'm pessimistic and introverted. But, it's cool, because it's a whole different side of me, and I impress myself. Even at times when I think that there's no possible way that I can be engaging, I'll suddenly pull it out and impress myself.
Once a wise individual said, I know nothing about technology.
Once a wise individual said, One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals.
Once a wise individual said, To love beauty is to see light.
Once a wise individual said, Music is more emotional than prose, more revolutionary than poetry. I'm not saying I've got the answers, just a of questions that I don't hear other artists asking.
Once a wise individual said, Art is always criticized and always an outsider gets the blame.
Once a wise individual said, Change is certain. Peace is followed by disturbances departure of evil men by their return. Such recurrences should not constitute occasions for sadness but realities for awareness, so that one may be happy in the interim.
Once a wise individual said, For the liberal state to accommodate a diversity of beliefs while having few positive convictions is one of the more admirable achievements of civilization.
Once a wise individual said, Voting is a right best exercised by people who have taken time to learn about the issues.
Once a wise individual said, I'll love you, dear, I'll love you till China and Africa meet and the river jumps over the mountain and the salmon sing in the street.
Once a wise individual said, So the poet, who wants to be something that he cannot be, and is a failure in plain life, makes up fictitious versions of his predicament that are interesting even to other persons because nobody is a perfect automobile salesman.
Once a wise individual said, Country was about character. Country's changed because of monsters like Clear Channel who bought up all the stations and sliced them up into formats. Our demographic is now the soccer mom.
Once a wise individual said, Three things have been difficult to tame: the oceans, fools and women. We may soon be able to tame the oceans fools and women will take a little longer.
Once a wise individual said, When too many Americans don't vote or participate, some see apathy and despair. I see disappointment and even outrage. And I believe that out of this frustration can come hope and action.
Once a wise individual said, There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference. That little difference is attitude. The big difference is whether it is positive or negative.
Once a wise individual said, My sister has three kids so I've spent a lot of time around children and I've always really liked them and wanted my own. It's cool because you think all babies are the same but they aren't at all. They all have such different personalities. It's crazy.
Once a wise individual said, There is more to life than increasing its speed.
Once a wise individual said, In our increasingly secular society, with so many disparate gods and different faiths, superhero films present a unique canvas upon which our shared hopes, dreams and apocalyptic nightmares can be projected and played out.
Once a wise individual said, Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
Once a wise individual said, I always want to give my best and do the best I can. I know when I have sung my best and when I haven't. There can be stresses and hassles with time travel and press attention. I just have to adapt and find a way of dealing with it.
Once a wise individual said, Great events make me quiet and calm it is only trifles that irritate my nerves.
Once a wise individual said, Christianity is not the faith of the complacent, the comfortable or of the timid. It demands and creates heroic souls like Wesley, Wilberforce, Bonhoeffer, John Paul the Second, and Billy Graham. Each showed, in their own way, the relentless and powerful influence of the message of Jesus Christ.
Once a wise individual said, I'm one of those people who has always been a bridesmaid.
Once a wise individual said, If you have abandoned one faith, do not abandon all faith. There is always an alternative to the faith we lose. Or is it the same faith under another mask?
Once a wise individual said, I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap.
Once a wise individual said, Raising taxes is the last thing we should do amid the weakest economic recovery since World War II. Unfortunately, even if we avoid the full 'Taxmageddon' scenario, President Obama's health care law also contains a new surtax on investment that will take effect in 2013.
Once a wise individual said, Money may not buy happiness, but it can damn well give it!
Once a wise individual said, You know, it's amazing. I don't even have a car, would you believe it? I had a motorbike and it got stolen last year. So I've got to buy another one of those, I suppose. I can treat myself to that.
Once a wise individual said, I usually make up my mind about a man in ten seconds, and I very rarely change it.
Once a wise individual said, We can't gather the intelligence we need to foil future attacks, if we are blindly granting terrorists the right to remain silent. But for some reason, we've already done that - with the terrorist who tried to bring down Flight 253.
Once a wise individual said, Hope springs eternal in the human breast: Man never is, but always To be Blest.
Once a wise individual said, I use rock and jazz and blues rhythms because I love that music. I hope my poetry has a relationship with good-time rock'n roll.
Once a wise individual said, Be happy. It's one way of being wise.
Once a wise individual said, The result is - document destruction - we're really not going to be able to prove beyond a truth the negatives and some of the positive conclusions that we're going to come to. There will be always unresolved ambiguity here.
Once a wise individual said, I look forward to a great future for America - a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose.
Once a wise individual said, I have this idealistic and maybe naive thought that almost any song can be anything. If you record one song today, it would maybe be exciting and cool. But I could record the same song next week and it would be something completely different.
Once a wise individual said, Deep in their roots, all flowers keep the light.
Once a wise individual said, I also believe that government has no business telling us how we should live our lives. I think our lifestyle choices should be left up to us. What we do in our private lives is none of the government's business. That position rules out the Republican Party for me.
Once a wise individual said, Eros will have naked bodies Friendship naked personalities.
Once a wise individual said, If you meet a woman in a burqa, she can't reply to your smile. It's a denial of identity.
Once a wise individual said, 'Old times' never come back and I suppose it's just as well. What comes back is a new morning every day in the year, and that's better.
Once a wise individual said, All my life, my heart has yearned for a thing I cannot name.
Once a wise individual said, One truth stands firm. All that happens in world history rests on something spiritual. If the spiritual is strong, it creates world history. If it is weak, it suffers world history.
Once a wise individual said, It is a matter of shame that in the morning the birds should be awake earlier than you.
Once a wise individual said, If you cannot be a poet, be the poem.
Once a wise individual said, Power does not corrupt men fools, however, if they get into a position of power, corrupt power.
Once a wise individual said, On Sundays when I speak, I hopefully give somebody something that they can use the next day at work or at home.
Once a wise individual said, The new strategy is to teach intelligent design without calling it intelligent design.
Once a wise individual said, You know, technology CEOs like to think of themselves as rock 'n roll stars.
Once a wise individual said, Conservatism discards Prescription, shrinks from Principle, disavows Progress having rejected all respect for antiquity, it offers no redress for the present, and makes no preparation for the future.
Once a wise individual said, It's important to still look like yourself on your wedding day, so I didn't do anything drastic.
Once a wise individual said, There is peace more destructive of the manhood of living man than war is destructive of his material body.
Once a wise individual said, In the long-run every Government is the exact symbol of its People, with their wisdom and unwisdom we have to say, Like People like Government.
Once a wise individual said, If instead of a gem, or even a flower, we should cast the gift of a loving thought into the heart of a friend, that would be giving as the angels give.
Once a wise individual said, We live in an age where anonymity is growing in magnitude like a bomb going off.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a medical doctor and a biomedical scientist.
Once a wise individual said, People just assume that if you're famous, you're in Hollywood.
Once a wise individual said, When it becomes more difficult to suffer than to change... you will change.
Once a wise individual said, There is slow growth, but it is positive slow growth. At the same time, ratios of debt-to-incomes go down. That's a beautiful deleveraging.
Once a wise individual said, Innovation has nothing to do with how many R amp& D dollars you have. When Apple came up with the Mac, IBM was spending at least 100 times more on R &amp D. It's not about money. It's about the people you have, how you're led, and how much you get it.
Once a wise individual said, In 1960, when I came out of prison as an ex-convict, I had more freedom under parolee supervision than there's available... in America right now.
Once a wise individual said, A nutritionist helps me eat healthily at home.
Once a wise individual said, I loved the movies and I wanted to be like Marilyn Monroe. I thought she was so glamorous and everyone seemed to love her. I wanted to be like that and I told everyone I would be the next Marilyn Monroe.
Once a wise individual said, Life is the power that's greater than I can ever comprehend. The way life runs through everything, even the tiniest elements of nature - that makes me humble.
Once a wise individual said, I think it's important to have closure in any relationship that ends - from a romantic relationship to a friendship. You should always have a sense of clarity at the end and know why it began and why it ended. You need that in your life to move cleanly into your next phase.
Once a wise individual said, To enter by reason means to realize the essence through instruction and to believe that all living things share the same true nature, which isn't apparent because it's shrouded by sensation and delusion.
Once a wise individual said, Saving faith is an immediate relation to Christ, accepting, receiving, resting upon Him alone, for justification, sanctification, and eternal life by virtue of God's grace.
Once a wise individual said, I feel like that I'm learning all the time. I'm learning from new artists, from established artists... every time I listen to '70s rock 'n' roll records, I'm learning. And I think that I'm just now starting to get a hold on what I do.
Once a wise individual said, Everyone makes pesto in a food processor. But the texture is better with a mortar and pestle, and it's just as fast.
Once a wise individual said, To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
Once a wise individual said, I reject the cynical view that politics is a dirty business.
Once a wise individual said, Faith is permitting ourselves to be seized by the things we do not see.
Once a wise individual said, I feel there are two people inside me - me and my intuition. If I go against her, she'll screw me every time, and if I follow her, we get along quite nicely.
Once a wise individual said, In fact, I believe the first companies that make an effort to develop an authentic, transparent, and meaningful social contract with their fans and customers will turn out to be the ones that are the most successful in the future. While brands that refuse to make the effort will lose stature and customer loyalty.
Once a wise individual said, Design must reflect the practical and aesthetic in business but above all... good design must primarily serve people.
Once a wise individual said, I decided to run for governor because I got mad... I want to make government more directly accountable to the people.
Once a wise individual said, In particular, for younger researchers on whom the future of mankind may depend. We believe that they are working with all the scientific wisdom at their disposal for the preservation of the inheritance of the earth and for the lasting survival of mankind.
Once a wise individual said, I'm French, so I'm quite lazy about exercising, and I smoke. But I do love going for a run in the morning with my dog. That's all.
Once a wise individual said, Far too many times over the next 12 to 15 years, it was brought to my attention that people who followed my exercise guidelines exactly but ignored their diet, their weight and their cigarette smoking had heart attacks at age 55.
Once a wise individual said, The true teacher defends his pupils against his own personal influence. He inspires self-trust. He guides their eyes from himself to the spirit that quickens him. He will have no disciples.
Once a wise individual said, I believe in Karma. If the good is sown, the good is collected. When positive things are made, that returns well.
Once a wise individual said, All of us grow up in particular realities - a home, family, a clan, a small town, a neighborhood. Depending upon how we're brought up, we are either deeply aware of the particular reading of reality into which we are born, or we are peripherally aware of it.
Once a wise individual said, It sounds like a cliche but I also learnt that you're not going to fall for the right person until you really love yourself and feel good about how you are.
Once a wise individual said, The voice collects and translates your bad physical health, your emotional worries, your personal troubles.
Once a wise individual said, We were united not only by political respect for each other, but also by deep mutual sympathy as people.
Once a wise individual said, The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not anti-fashion, but I've always had a bit of a punk attitude. That's important, I think. I do my own thing.
Once a wise individual said, Life is either a great adventure or nothing.
Once a wise individual said, All men commend patience, although few are willing to practice it.
Once a wise individual said, We can't plan life. All we can do is be available for it.
Once a wise individual said, I was not looking for my dreams to interpret my life, but rather for my life to interpret my dreams.
Once a wise individual said, I try something new every night. It's an hour show if it works I maybe try it a few more times and then move that off and try something new. It's a great workshop for me.
Once a wise individual said, We are a nation in which freedom is alive in the squares and streets, in the daily work of the communications media, in the open relationship between the governing and the governed.
Once a wise individual said, I am sensitive to the value of faith and religion and spirituality in people's lives because I'm a journalist.
Once a wise individual said, I met my boyfriend, a pro poker player, at a tournament. He tried to dissuade me because it's a seedy gritty world. Listen, I've played till 4 in the morning. I've played with a half million dollars on the table.
Once a wise individual said, I highly suggest marriage to all my friends who are dating.
Once a wise individual said, I find playwriting really painful. I love it, or I wouldn't do it, but I don't love the theater as much as I love movies.
Once a wise individual said, It's hard now to imagine that kind of travel and the daily tasks they simply took for granted. If a wagon axle broke, you had to stop and carve a new one. To cross a river, you sometimes had to build a raft.
Once a wise individual said, Everything starts and ends with the song, and working with writers and really learning their process and craft was an invaluable experience.
Once a wise individual said, There's no business like show business, but there are several businesses like accounting.
Once a wise individual said, The love of learning, the sequestered nooks, And all the sweet serenity of books.
Once a wise individual said, Private property was the original source of freedom. It still is its main ballpark.
Once a wise individual said, I majored in fashion design in school, and I have always wanted to design my own line of clothing, jewelry, and stuff like that so this was just a step for me in that direction.
Once a wise individual said, Sweater, n.: garment worn by child when its mother is feeling chilly.
Once a wise individual said, I remember the first pangs of stress arriving at the end of school. Once I graduated I had to get a full-time job, worry about health insurance, saving money, paying rent - things I'd never thought about before.
Once a wise individual said, Anybody who comes to the cinema is bringing they're whole sexual history, their literary history, their movie literacy, their culture, their language, their religion, whatever they've got. I can't possibly manipulate all of that, nor do I want to.
Once a wise individual said, This is a work of fiction. All the characters in it, human and otherwise, are imaginary, excepting only certain of the fairy folk, whom it might be unwise to offend by casting doubts on their existence. Or lack thereof.
Once a wise individual said, It was settled by the Constitution, the laws, and the whole practice of the government that the entire executive power is vested in the President of the United States.
Once a wise individual said, I think my dyslexia was a vital part of my development because my inability to read and write meant that I had to find knowledge elsewhere so I looked to the cinema.
Once a wise individual said, The business of art is to reveal the relation between man and his environment.
Once a wise individual said, Our mother was a very religious and observant Jew, our father less so. She was kind of driving the religious education, so for us it was more a burden and an obligation when we were kids at that age.
Once a wise individual said, The sea, the great unifier, is man's only hope. Now, as never before, the old phrase has a literal meaning: we are all in the same boat.
Once a wise individual said, It wasn't until I went to college that I met the theatre people and began to admire them because they were learning a trade that was guaranteed to make money!
Once a wise individual said, Zeal without knowledge is fire without light.
Once a wise individual said, You can never turn the clock back and, since we're talking about mental health, I would stress that.
Once a wise individual said, I will never have a drink and get behind the wheel of a car. It's not illegal to drink and drive, but there becomes a certain point where it does become a crime.
Once a wise individual said, People are pretty much alike. It's only that our differences are more susceptible to definition than our similarities.
Once a wise individual said, For love is immortality.
Once a wise individual said, The world is seldom what it seems to man, who dimly sees, realities appear as dreams, and dreams realities.
Once a wise individual said, The message of Passover remains as powerful as ever. Freedom is won not on the battlefield but in the classroom and the home. Teach your children the history of freedom if you want them never to lose it.
Once a wise individual said, The confidence is really driven by the woman - whether she can have the confidence that there will be enough earning or income to finance all the domestic spending - but also by the middle-income class, which for many Asian countries has become the growth power for the economy.
Once a wise individual said, You know, the period of World War I and the Roaring Twenties were really just about the same as today. You worked, and you made a living if you could, and you tired to make the best of things. For an actor or a dancer, it was no different then than today. It was a struggle.
Once a wise individual said, I definitely don't look my age. So I actively look for roles that will help people change their perception of me.
Once a wise individual said, The human species, according to the best theory I can form of it, is composed of two distinct races, the men who borrow and the men who lend.
Once a wise individual said, When I was building the Vietnam Memorial, I never once asked the veterans what it was like in the war, because from my point of view, you don't pry into other people's business.
Once a wise individual said, By cutting critical domestic programs such as education, health, environmental protection, and veterans' services, this budget reveals misplaced priorities.
Once a wise individual said, There is no development strategy more beneficial to society as a whole - women and men alike - than the one which involves women as central players.
Once a wise individual said, I know of no greater work for humanity than in the cause of peace, which can only be achieved by the earnest efforts of nations and peoples.
Once a wise individual said, Well, financially it's a little bit better. But it's better than than when I was a teacher. But I kind of - it's allowed me to buy a house. And I've been able to help my mother with some stuff and my brother. So, that's nice.
Once a wise individual said, Everybody just asks me 'Are you going to make Hollywood movies now?' First, I don't know. Second, I never dreamed about that I just dreamed about making movies with Tarantino. So if I can make movies with a lot of amazing directors - yes.
Once a wise individual said, God was satisfied with his own work, and that is fatal.
Once a wise individual said, Some men love truth so much that they seem to be in continual fear lest she should catch a cold on overexposure.
Once a wise individual said, I don't believe in God, but I'm afraid of Him.
Once a wise individual said, Rock isn't art, it's the way ordinary people talk.
Once a wise individual said, When I'm writing, I'm trying to immerse myself in the chaos of an emotional experience, rather than separate myself from it and look back at it from a distance with clarity and tell it as a story. Because that's how life is lived, you know?
Once a wise individual said, Part of me suspects that I'm a loser, and the other part of me thinks I'm God Almighty.
Once a wise individual said, Form follows profit is the aesthetic principle of our times.
Once a wise individual said, Well football teams are perhaps easier to control than political parties, I'm sure the Prime Minister would agree with me, but yeah I think every team needs discipline and a sense of self-belief and that's important, that's what leadership's all about.
Once a wise individual said, It's so exciting to be doing radio on the cutting edge of technology. Being in on something new is the biggest thrill in the world.
Once a wise individual said, I have held many things in my hands, and I have lost them all but whatever I have placed in God's hands, that I still possess.
Once a wise individual said, If you're lucky as you get older, you respect the craft and it becomes a skill.
Once a wise individual said, The pictures of my family were designed to be on a family wall, they were supposed to be together. It was supposed to copy my mother's wall in her house.
Once a wise individual said, Because bankers measure their self-worth in money, and pay themselves a lot of it, they think they're fine fellows and don't need to explain themselves.
Once a wise individual said, I want to deal with somebody who comes from another country to the United States and has a family that comes. I don't care if it's a black family from Jamaica or a Hispanic family from Mexico. These issues need to be dealt with, but they need to be dealt with in the entertaining way.
Once a wise individual said, Love will find a way through paths where wolves fear to prey.
Once a wise individual said, I am not the only person who uses his computer mainly for the purpose of diddling with his computer.
Once a wise individual said, Well, clearly, for me in the immediate future, it is grappling, like so many other governors are grappling, with the economic woes of these states. We were all hoping to see some federal relief.
Once a wise individual said, If you don't have the story and the unfolding of the trajectory of the saga, it's like getting in a car and not having any gas.
Once a wise individual said, I married him because he told me it was the only way he could protect me. If we were just manager and client, my family could do whatever they wanted to get me back, but if I was his wife, they couldn't.
Once a wise individual said, In the morning, I practice 15 minutes of yoga.
Once a wise individual said, I am consumed with the fear of failing. Reaching deep down and finding confidence has made all my dreams come true.
Once a wise individual said, Science and religion are the two most powerful forces in the world. Having them at odds... is not productive.
Once a wise individual said, The important thing is that men should have a purpose in life. It should be something useful, something good.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not trying to clock scores in this lifetime, it's just that things are better now than they were like five, ten years ago. Music has gotten a lot better. There's a lot of people who are committed to - soulfully.
Once a wise individual said, I have felt cats rubbing their faces against mine and touching my cheek with claws carefully sheathed. These things, to me, are expressions of love.
Once a wise individual said, I'm passionate and I travel the world not just as a tourist but to understand cultures... I've lived with Masai tribe... I travel the world and bring it back in the form of a research book that would become the starting point for the collection.
Once a wise individual said, Baseball has the great advantage over cricket of being sooner ended.
Once a wise individual said, I like science and I love gym. Oh, and I like art, but I'm really bad at it. I'm just a terrible drawer. I can't draw a circle. Even with a ruler, I can't draw a straight line.
Once a wise individual said, When the sun comes up, I have morals again.
Once a wise individual said, Parenting, as an unpaid occupation outside the world of public power, entails lower status, less power, and less control of resources than paid work.
Once a wise individual said, The readers are the ones who let us live our dreams. I try to write books which are really compelling - that you'd take on vacation and rather than going out, you'd read in your hotel room because you had to find out what happened. Hopefully that's what readers are responding to.
Once a wise individual said, The breakdown of the black community, in order to maintain slavery, began with the breakdown of the black family. Men and women were not legally allowed to get married because you couldn't have that kind of love. It might get in the way of the economics of slavery. Your children could be taken from you and literally sold down the river.
Once a wise individual said, I am sure it must be true that people opt out of the mainstream society because they feel that there are going to be no rewards for them, if they stay.
Once a wise individual said, Actually, I started to become an actress because I met someone who was just a friend and I found his life wonderful, I thought, Oh my god, you can travel, you're free, you can do what you want, you're the boss. And then I met an actor and I was in love with him.
Once a wise individual said, College atheletes used to get a degree in bringing your pencil.
Once a wise individual said, I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar.
Once a wise individual said, I was always very determined and ambitious, and I knew I would do something that would let me travel and stuff, but I didn't know really know what I would do to get there.
Once a wise individual said, We do not see nature with our eyes, but with our understandings and our hearts.
Once a wise individual said, It is the working man who is the happy man. It is the idle man who is the miserable man.
Once a wise individual said, The claim made by Team Obama that every dollar in stimulus translates into a dollar-and-a-half in growth is economic fiction. The costs of stimulus reduce future growth. No country has ever spent itself to prosperity. The price of stimulus has to be paid sometime.
Once a wise individual said, It's not a matter of if economies around the world becoming low-carbon, but when and how: through struggle and strife or through advancement and progressive leadership. Larry Elliot described it today as the 'Green New Deal.' It's a leadership we in Britain can provide, and from which our economy can benefit.
Once a wise individual said, I beg people not to accept the seasonal ritual of well-timed charity on Christmas Eve. It's blasphemy.
Once a wise individual said, Man is an artifact designed for space travel. He is not designed to remain in his present biologic state any more than a tadpole is designed to remain a tadpole.
Once a wise individual said, I believe that it is my responsibility as the prime minister of Israel to do whatever can be done to exploit the unique opportunities that lie ahead of us to move towards peace. Not everything can be done by one act.
Once a wise individual said, Beauty is only skin deep. If you go after someone just because she's beautiful but don't have anything to talk about, it's going to get boring fast. You want to look beyond the surface and see if you can have fun or if you have anything in common with this person.
Once a wise individual said, My mom was a source of strength.She showed me by example that women, regardless of how difficult life may get, can do it all.
Once a wise individual said, Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.
Once a wise individual said, I feel I do my best work when it's all there on the page, and I feel that the character is very vivid as I read the script and I'm not having to create stuff and trying to cobble together something. If I have to do that, then I don't entirely trust what I'm doing.
Once a wise individual said, Democrats think the country works better with a strong middle class, real opportunities for poor people to work their way into it and a relentless focus on the future, with business and government working together to promote growth and broadly shared prosperity. We think 'we're all in this together' is a better philosophy than 'you're on your own.'
Once a wise individual said, The basic problems facing the world today are not susceptible to a military solution.
Once a wise individual said, The greatest pleasure of life is love.
Once a wise individual said, They would need to be already wise, in order to love wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, Every day I'm thinking about change.
Once a wise individual said, I played saxophone, so I was into jazz. I learned from each audience and each teacher that I had. I can't really tell you any rules or anything, but the way I develop my beliefs is really just by personally learning from different situations.
Once a wise individual said, Nothing in education is so astonishing as the amount of ignorance it accumulates in the form of inert facts.
Once a wise individual said, My guiding principles in life are to be honest, genuine, thoughtful and caring.
Once a wise individual said, I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Once a wise individual said, I think people are used to seeing actors be wide open and desperately giving of themselves, and while I do that on a movie set as much as I can, it's so unnatural for me to do it on television, in interviews, in anything like that. I also don't find that my process as an actor is really anyone else's business.
Once a wise individual said, Conservative, n: A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as distinguished from the Liberal who wishes to replace them with others.
Once a wise individual said, History is an endless repetition of the wrong way of living.
Once a wise individual said, It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might has well not have lived at all, in which case you have failed by default.
Once a wise individual said, I became famous almost before I had a craft.
Once a wise individual said, Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
Once a wise individual said, A smile costs about $240.
Once a wise individual said, I founded a launch company called International Microspace when I graduated medical school in 1989. We were trying to build a microsatellite launcher.
Once a wise individual said, Music has the power to make me feel good like nothing else does. It gives me some peace for a while. Takes me back to who I really am.
Once a wise individual said, We have a positive vision of the future founded on the belief that the gap between the promise and reality of America can one day be finally closed. We believe that.
Once a wise individual said, Play is the only way the highest intelligence of humankind can unfold.
Once a wise individual said, Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it.
Once a wise individual said, I love doing demonstrations. I think to be a great chef you have to be a great teacher. I love doing classes with people who love food and enjoy food, bringing them all around one table so to speak.
Once a wise individual said, Failure's not a bad thing. It builds character. It makes you stronger.
Once a wise individual said, The message of Passover remains as powerful as ever. Freedom is won not on the battlefield but in the classroom and the home. Teach your children the history of freedom if you want them never to lose it.
Once a wise individual said, I do feel like I have always, in my life, been inclined to be on the outside, walk a different path or something. Because of that, and increasingly over the years, my sense of distance from mainstream society or from the way culture works, I have a different kind of perception of it.
Once a wise individual said, Acceptance of the power of God in one's life lays the groundwork for personal commitment to both science and Christianity, which so often have been in conflict.
Once a wise individual said, Abused patience turns to fury.
Once a wise individual said, After all, I long to be in America again, nay, if I can go home to return no more to Europe, it seems to me that I shall ever enjoy more peace of mind, and even Physical comfort than I can meet with in any portion of the world beside.
Once a wise individual said, If it's true that our species is alone in the universe, then I'd have to say the universe aimed rather low and settled for very little.
Once a wise individual said, I feel like I'm a stay-at-home mom, which I was for the five years before this. She's absolutely been my focus. That's the choice I made. Desperate Housewives is perfect for me. I get to go back to work and still be able to take my daughter to school and pick her up.
Once a wise individual said, I can't understand people calling themselves religious and being hateful. If a preacher is preaching hate, to fear God that's not religion, that's not helping humanity, that's organizing an army to defeat somebody.
Once a wise individual said, The People have a right to the Truth as they have a right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
Once a wise individual said, I think you go through a period as a teenager of being quite cool and unaffected by things.
Once a wise individual said, One thing I have learned in my time in politics is that if one of the parties is shameless, the other party cannot afford to be spineless.
Once a wise individual said, There is no original truth, only original error.
Once a wise individual said, And the American people are the greatest people in the world. What makes America the greatest nation in the world is the heart of the American people: hardworking, innovative, risk-taking, God- loving, family-oriented American people.
Once a wise individual said, We must welcome the future, remembering that soon it will be the past and we must respect the past, remembering that it was once all that was humanly possible.
Once a wise individual said, That the way to achieve higher standards of living for all is through science and technology, taking advantage of better tools, methods and organization.
Once a wise individual said, Be at peace with your own soul, then heaven and earth will be at peace with you.
Once a wise individual said, The proper means of increasing the love we bear our native country is to reside some time in a foreign one.
Once a wise individual said, If you've ever made change in the offering plate, you might be a redneck.
Once a wise individual said, I was about half in love with her by the time we sat down. That's the thing about girls. Every time they do something pretty... you fall half in love with them, and then you never know where the hell you are.
Once a wise individual said, Before I was married, I didn't consider my failure to manage even basic hand tools a feminist inadequacy. I thought it had more to do with being Jewish. The Jews I knew growing up didn't do 'do-it-yourself.' When my father needed to hammer something he generally used his shoe, and the only real tool he owned was a pair of needle-nose pliers.
Once a wise individual said, If the relationship of father to son could really be reduced to biology, the whole earth would blaze with the glory of fathers and sons.
Once a wise individual said, Comrades, this man has a nice smile, but he's got iron teeth.
Once a wise individual said, I suffer from the delusion that every product of my imagination is not only possible, but always on the cusp of becoming real.
Once a wise individual said, I seriously hate pop music and all things super-commercial.
Once a wise individual said, I became CEO at the beginning of the hit on old economy stocks. When something like that occurs in your first six months as a CEO of a more traditional branded firm, it makes for a fast learning curve.
Once a wise individual said, Christmas is more stressful with present buying and making sure everyone gets included, but Thanksgiving is really not that. I don't ever really get stressed out about the food.
Once a wise individual said, I remember my mother's prayers and they have always followed me. They have clung to me all my life.
Once a wise individual said, If the career you have chosen has some unexpected inconvenience, console yourself by reflecting that no career is without them.
Once a wise individual said, Death is not more certainly a separation of our souls from our bodies than the Christian life is a separation of our souls from worldly tempers, vain indulgences, and unnecessary cares.
Once a wise individual said, I don't want to make movies for kids, and I don't want to make movies for adults either.
Once a wise individual said, Exclusiveness in a garden is a mistake as great as it is in society.
Once a wise individual said, Better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age.
Once a wise individual said, It was dog food. Beef livers with onions in a can. You open it up and it looks like vomit.
Once a wise individual said, The books that help you most are those which make you think that most. The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty.
Once a wise individual said, Leisure and curiosity might soon make great advances in useful knowledge, were they not diverted by minute emulation and laborious trifles.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not a Luddite, but I'm outside more than I'm on my computer. We have a micro-farm - it's a step up from a garden. We have a pretty extensive vineyard. We grow about 60 percent of our own food, make our own wine, have chickens for eggs.
Once a wise individual said, I think I'm actually quite a materialistic person, I value what it takes to make a car or build a nice house. Money does change things, but how it changes people depends on how they react to it.
Once a wise individual said, The technology is just so far gone. It's just like back in the day you needed a suitcase just to have a cell phone. The battery was so heavy, it was like carrying a gallon of soda around with you all day.
Once a wise individual said, I have learned, that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
Once a wise individual said, While the State exists there can be no freedom when there is freedom there will be no State.
Once a wise individual said, People respect you more if you just play and blow something out than if you take the easier road. That's how we think. You get more respect and people play harder for you. Just play till you blow it. Just play till it goes.
Once a wise individual said, Minds that are ill at ease are agitated by both hope and fear.
Once a wise individual said, No tendency is quite so strong in human nature as the desire to lay down rules of conduct for other people.
Once a wise individual said, Everybody's got a different sense of humor. It's just different styles.
Once a wise individual said, The more you travel, the better you get at it. It sounds silly, but with experience you learn how to pack the right way. I remember one of my first trips abroad, travelling around Europe by rail, fresh out of high school. I brought all these books with me and a paint set. I really had too much stuff, so I've learnt to be more economical.
Once a wise individual said, Meat is a wasteful use of water and creates a lot of greenhouse gases. It puts enormous pressure on the world's resources. A vegetarian diet is better.
Once a wise individual said, It is possible to read the history of this country as one long struggle to extend the liberties established in our Constitution to everyone in America.
Once a wise individual said, Those people behind the mosque have to respect, have to appreciate and have to defer to the people of New York. The wound is still there. Just because the wound is healing you can't say, 'Let's just go back to where we were pre-9/11.
Once a wise individual said, I will never forget my beautiful days with you in Shanklin, they are certainly the most pleasant ones of my life. Look, I have tears in my eyes just to think about it. I am furious to be here, it is the end of happiness for a whole year.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not for gratuitous nudity, but if there's humor, I don't have a problem.
Once a wise individual said, Divorced from ethics, leadership is reduced to management and politics to mere technique.
Once a wise individual said, I may be a living legend, but that sure don't help when I've got to change a flat tire.
Once a wise individual said, Fear follows crime and is its punishment.
Once a wise individual said, I have a total irreverence for anything connected with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger, the food cheaper and the old men and old women warmer in the winter and happier in the summer.
Once a wise individual said, I'm very pleased to be here. Let's face it, at my age I'm very pleased to be anywhere.
Once a wise individual said, You know there is a problem with the education system when you realize that out of the 3 R's only one begins with an R.
Once a wise individual said, Give us equality of enjoyment, equal right to expansion - it is as necessary to our prosperity as yours.
Once a wise individual said, 'The 17 Day Diet' keeps your body and metabolism guessing. I call this 'body confusion.'
Once a wise individual said, I have great faith that Heaven's there and I'll see my brothers and my mom and dad when I get there.
Once a wise individual said, I would rather be alone and a loud voice for action than be silent.
Once a wise individual said, I realise that in this undertaking I place myself in a certain opposition to views widely held concerning the mathematical infinite and to opinions frequently defended on the nature of numbers.
Once a wise individual said, If I can make a teacher's salary doing comedy, I think that's better than being a teacher.
Once a wise individual said, Every age needs men who will redeem the time by living with a vision of the things that are to be.
Once a wise individual said, There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love.
Once a wise individual said, If you want to fight the evil you see in finance and industry, get to work reading the corporate filings, see if there has been fraud, and where you find it, report it to the SEC or write about it or blog about it.
Once a wise individual said, Jesus Christ is a prince of peace. He told us to live in peace. He told us to love our enemies. He told us to do good to them that spitefully use us.
Once a wise individual said, I would love to do a biopic of a famous singer, like Diana Ross or Donna Summer, or an old jazz story that we haven't seen before. I would love to do that! I would love to play Diana Ross 'cause she's an icon. I'm salivating to do that.
Once a wise individual said, The regeneration of society is the regeneration of society by individual education.
Once a wise individual said, I think the most important thing in life is self-love, because if you don't have self-love, and respect for everything about your own body, your own soul, your own capsule, then how can you have an authentic relationship with anyone else?
Once a wise individual said, If I think more about death than some other people, it is probably because I love life more than they do.
Once a wise individual said, Too small is our world to allow discrimination, bigotry and intolerance to thrive in any corner of it, let alone in the United States of America.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not hip, I'm not cool, I'm not glib.
Once a wise individual said, I've never wanted anybody to like me because I had long hair or short hair, or that they liked the way I dressed or they liked the way I dressed or they liked the way I smile.
Once a wise individual said, I do wish I could tell you my age but it's impossible. It keeps changing all the time.
Once a wise individual said, The capacity of the female mind for studies of the highest order cannot be doubted, having been sufficiently illustrated by its works of genius, of erudition, and of science.
Once a wise individual said, Does age matter? Time doesn't matter.
Once a wise individual said, There is a time to take counsel of your fears, and there is a time to never listen to any fear.
Once a wise individual said, I remember being upset because I was finally legal to drink in Canada, and I decided to throw that all away and move to America, where I had to wait another two years. I came here to do improv and to try to join the Groundlings.
Once a wise individual said, How many things we held yesterday as articles of faith which today we tell as fables.
Once a wise individual said, Allen Ginsberg was a world authority on the writing of William Blake, and had an incredible knowledge of classic literature and world politics.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes you trust someone who turns out not to be honest. There are a lot of things that happen in life that don't turn out the way you're given the impression that they will. And I think that's all kind of a con. But I think we've probably all been hurt.
Once a wise individual said, If there was no faith there would be no living in this world. We could not even eat hash with any safety.
Once a wise individual said, 'Little Miss Sunshine' snowballed. It was a tiny movie. We shot it in 30 days, and it was really fun to do, but it was one of those small movies that you don't hold out huge hope for.
Once a wise individual said, For each one of us stands alone in the midst of a universe.
Once a wise individual said, Death is not the biggest fear we have our biggest fear is taking the risk to be alive - the risk to be alive and express what we really are.
Once a wise individual said, For all history up to the end of the Cold War, summit meetings were historic and dramatic occasions, when leaders who controlled the destiny of much of the world met to change the world.
Once a wise individual said, Nothing else in the world... not all the armies... is so powerful as an idea whose time has come.
Once a wise individual said, I just love bossy women. I could be around them all day. To me, bossy is not a pejorative term at all. It means somebody's passionate and engaged and ambitious and doesn't mind leading.
Once a wise individual said, I came to Venice for the first time in 1968 and was lucky enough to make the acquaintanceship, and then the friendship, of two Venetians, Roberta and Franco, who remain my best friends here after almost 50 years.
Once a wise individual said, My mom and dad played this music all the time when I was growing up, so to me songs by Jerry Lee and Fats Domino are the classics, they're the best songs ever.
Once a wise individual said, So we mustn't lower our guard in any sense because of what has happened in terms of the death of Osama Bin Laden and we are certainly not doing that. The terror threat level here in the U.K. remains at severe and we're very conscious of the need to continue that.
Once a wise individual said, Philosophy begins in wonder. And, at the end, when philosophic thought has done its best, the wonder remains.
Once a wise individual said, It's funny how a chubby kid can just be having fun, and people call it entertainment!
Once a wise individual said, I had a career and I came to motherhood late and am not married and have never had such a trusting relationship with a man - and trust is where the real power of love comes from.
Once a wise individual said, In every society some men are born to rule, and some to advise.
Once a wise individual said, Ezra was right half the time, and when he was wrong, he was so wrong you were never in any doubt about it.
Once a wise individual said, Memory is the mother of all wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, The balance of private good and general welfare is at the bottom of civilized morals but the morals of the Heroic Age are founded on individuality, and on nothing else.
Once a wise individual said, Building a little bonfire at night on the beach and lying on a blanket with my wife under the stars is not only sexy, it's romantic.
Once a wise individual said, Too often travel, instead of broadening the mind, merely lengthens the conversation.
Once a wise individual said, God writes the Gospel not in the Bible alone, but also on trees, and in the flowers and clouds and stars.
Once a wise individual said, I think Ginsberg has done more harm to the craft that I honor and live by than anybody else by reducing it to a kind of mean that enables the most dubious practitioners to claim they are poets because they think, If the kind of thing Ginsberg does is poetry, I can do that.
Once a wise individual said, Your premium brand had better be delivering something special, or it's not going to get the business.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think poetry is something that can be taught. We can encourage young writers, but what you can't teach them is the very essence of poetry.
Once a wise individual said, I like the way words go together and I like the gamesmanship of writing poetry. It is such a challenge.
Once a wise individual said, I studied Hitchcock a little bit at University and knew the famous story about the Birds - that he'd tortured Tippi for a day using real birds. I had no idea that it was a five-day onslaught and that it was the tip of an iceberg that carried on through to another film.
Once a wise individual said, The great secret of success is to go through life as a man who never gets used up.
Once a wise individual said, It's cool now to play golf.
Once a wise individual said, After these three novels I gave up writing novels for a time I was dissatisfied with romantic doom, yet didn't see much way around it.
Once a wise individual said, A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends.
Once a wise individual said, I like to travel by myself.
Once a wise individual said, Thank you for leaving us alone but giving us enough attention to boost our egos.
Once a wise individual said, Failure is success if we learn from it.
Once a wise individual said, All that stuff about heavy metal and hard rock, I don't subscribe to any of that. It's all just music. I mean, the heavy metal from the Seventies sounds nothing like the stuff from the Eighties, and that sounds nothing like the stuff from the Nineties. Who's to say what is and isn't a certain type of music?
Once a wise individual said, Most of these alternative arrangements, so-called, arise out of the ruins of marriages, not as an improvement of old fashioned marriage.
Once a wise individual said, Do not let your ambitions become a sanctuary for your failures.
Once a wise individual said, Men of my age live in a state of continual desperation.
Once a wise individual said, Presidential leadership needn't always cost money. Look for low- and no-cost options. They can be surprisingly effective.
Once a wise individual said, There is no progress whatever. Everything is just the same as it was thousands, and tens of thousands, of years ago. The outward form changes. The essence does not change.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage is a feast where the grace is sometimes better than the dinner.
Once a wise individual said, I worked with a group of people who argued day and night - professors, officials, the Minister of Finance - but there were decisions that I had to make.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom of expression comes with responsibilities, especially when it comes with serious implications for peace.
Once a wise individual said, I don't excercise. If God had wanted me to bend over, he would have put diamonds on the floor.
Once a wise individual said, No one can really honestly be the very best, no one.
Once a wise individual said, Atlanta is an incredibly cool city.
Once a wise individual said, There is never time in the future in which we will work out our salvation. The challenge is in the moment the time is always now.
Once a wise individual said, Focused. I'm a hustler. And my hustle is trying to figure out the best ways to do what I like without having to do much else.
Once a wise individual said, Be calm in arguing for fierceness makes error a fault, and truth discourtesy.
Once a wise individual said, The main prank that we play with props is for people's birthdays. The special effects people will put a little explosive in the cake so it blows up in their face - that's always fun to play on a guest star, or one of the trainees or someone who's new.
Once a wise individual said, If it was raining soup, the Irish would go out with forks.
Once a wise individual said, I've learned the importance of loving what you do. I have also learned more patience due to the nature of the music business.
Once a wise individual said, I respect and empathize with reporters and editors who must compete in today's environment. And I know full well that when I've been covering campaigns, which I still do, I've made my mistakes and have been far from perfect.
Once a wise individual said, I think you create your own hipness.
Once a wise individual said, Take what you can from your dreams, make them as real as anything.
Once a wise individual said, How one handles success or failure is determined by their early childhood.
Once a wise individual said, Films have never shown the kind of relationship that can exist between two women.
Once a wise individual said, I shall earnestly and persistently continue to urge all women to the practical recognition of the old Revolutionary maxim. Resistance to tyranny is obedience to God.
Once a wise individual said, In the first place, God made idiots. That was for practice. Then he made school boards.
Once a wise individual said, How do you go from where you are to where you wanna be? And I think you have to have an enthusiasm for life. You have to have a dream, a goal. And you have to be willing to work for it.
Once a wise individual said, Friendship is almost always the union of a part of one mind with the part of another people are friends in spots.
Once a wise individual said, Look I eat really well and I work out, but I also indulge when I want to. I don't starve myself in an extremist way. You're not taking away my coffee or my dairy or my glass of wine because I'd be devastated.
Once a wise individual said, In every interview I have ever read or seen or taken part in, the final question in our future-oriented society is always, What next?
Once a wise individual said, The point is that I don't design stuff for myself. I'm a toolmaker. I design things that other people want to use.
Once a wise individual said, I think a big part of our attraction to sport movies are the stories contained within the sports.
Once a wise individual said, A government must not waiver once it has chosen it's course. It must not look to the left or right but go forward.
Once a wise individual said, I have seen doctors, in good faith, leave patients on steroids for years, thinking they are doing right. A friend of mine was on steroids for so long, she has severe osteoporosis.
Once a wise individual said, If I was invincible, maybe I would take up some extreme sports.
Once a wise individual said, Know how to live the time that is given you.
Once a wise individual said, I think we're very complicated and we're capable of all kinds of things, and movies don't reflect that.
Once a wise individual said, Do not brood over your past mistakes and failures as this will only fill your mind with grief, regret and depression. Do not repeat them in the future.
Once a wise individual said, It's pretty sad when you have to choose between the lesser of two evils.
Once a wise individual said, Having federal officials, whether judges, bureaucrats, or congressmen, impose a new definition of marriage on the people is an act of social engineering profoundly hostile to liberty.
Once a wise individual said, Love is by far bigger than the government can ever be.
Once a wise individual said, The cool thing about being famous is traveling. I have always wanted to travel across seas, like to Canada and stuff.
Once a wise individual said, My mom used to tell me stories at night, read books to me - and I read 'em over and over and over again. And you know what I learned from that? I went back and looked at everything - Why do I like reading the same stories over and over and over again? What, was I some kind of nincompoop? No - the narrative gave me connection with my mom.
Once a wise individual said, My friends and family are my support system. They tell me what I need to hear, not what I want to hear and they are there for me in the good and bad times. Without them I have no idea where I would be and I know that their love for me is what's keeping my head above the water.
Once a wise individual said, I have great faith in the intelligence of the American viewer and reader to put two and two together and come up with four.
Once a wise individual said, These are not dark days: these are great days - the greatest days our country has ever lived.
Once a wise individual said, As you know from school, it's when you have not prepared for the test that you have the fear of failing. And if you have prepared, even if you fail, you've done your best.
Once a wise individual said, My personal feeling about science fiction is that it's always in some way connected to the real world, to our everyday world.
Once a wise individual said, The use of travelling is to regulate imagination by reality, and instead of thinking how things may be, to see them as they are.
Once a wise individual said, Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear.
Once a wise individual said, Pets, like their owners, tend to expand a little over the Christmas period.
Once a wise individual said, The music industry is really funny, when you have a hit record, everyone knows who are you, everyone wants to do duets with you, then if you have a miss, people suffer from amnesia.
Once a wise individual said, Do not try to push your way through to the front ranks of your profession do not run after distinctions and rewards but do your utmost to find an entry into the world of beauty.
Once a wise individual said, Art is not merely an imitation of the reality of nature, but in truth a metaphysical supplement to the reality of nature, placed alongside thereof for its conquest.
Once a wise individual said, When they make a woman's picture, they treat it like a 'woman's picture.' In the '40s, they didn't treat Joan Crawford movies like that, but as the big movies of their year. I'm upset that there's no 'Terminator' with a woman in Arnold Schwarzenegger's role. Because that would make just as much money.
Once a wise individual said, Show me a good and gracious loser and I'll show you a failure.
Once a wise individual said, We assume that everything's becoming more efficient, and in an immediate sense that's true our lives are better in many ways. But that improvement has been gained through a massively inefficient use of natural resources.
Once a wise individual said, Cunning is the art of concealing our own defects, and discovering other people's weaknesses.
Once a wise individual said, My dad was a Methodist minister.
Once a wise individual said, I'd die if I was Madonna. I'd die. God, what a horrible way to live. And Michael Jackson! To be so famous and to feel so isolated. I feel so bad for them. I don't know how it feels, and I hope it never happens to me.
Once a wise individual said, I want to go to college to study journalism. I want to speak French fluently, to travel. My mom was a journalist and it's in my blood.
Once a wise individual said, The best way to convince a fool that he is wrong is to let him have his own way.
Once a wise individual said, Carl took on the military-industrial complex. He campaigned around the world for an end to the production of weapons of mass destruction. To him it was a perversion of science.
Once a wise individual said, If you can't be in awe of Mother Nature, there's something wrong with you.
Once a wise individual said, A true poet does not bother to be poetical. Nor does a nursery gardener scent his roses.
Once a wise individual said, I get to hang out with people I think are awesome, and do work I think is awesome. It's really cool.
Once a wise individual said, It's amazing where the paranoid mind can take you.
Once a wise individual said, You want to put out a TV show? If you have the money to do it on your own, by yourself, and you have a TV network, you can do it by yourself. But the nature of the beast is, art needs finance. That's how this industry works. So until the Internet becomes our source of entertainment - and watch it, I believe it will - this is how things go.
Once a wise individual said, There are tens of thousands of interactions every single day across Afghanistan between the Afghan troops and International Security Assistance Force. On most of those, every single day we continue to deepen and broaden the relationship we seek.
Once a wise individual said, If we celebrate Martin Luther King Jr.'s birthday at a time of presidential inaugurals, this is thanks to Ronald Reagan who created the holiday, and not to the Democratic Congress of the Carter years, which rejected it.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is, first and last, language - the rest is filler.
Once a wise individual said, In Pakistan politics is hereditary.
Once a wise individual said, It's amazing, it doesn't feel like it has been 10 years since retirement.
Once a wise individual said, In art the best is good enough.
Once a wise individual said, More than any other setting - more than battlefields or boardrooms or a spaceship headed for intergalactic travel - I'll put my money on the family to provide an endless source of comedy, tragedy and intrigue.
Once a wise individual said, School districts in the US don't adopt technology very quickly.
Once a wise individual said, Peace is that state in which fear of any kind is unknown.
Once a wise individual said, If I don't get paid I'm going to take a whole lot of Marshall amps home with me on the plane.
Once a wise individual said, Aside from sales, the letters from readers have been primarily positive.
Once a wise individual said, Knowledge is the life of the mind.
Once a wise individual said, When two men in business always agree, one of them is unnecessary.
Once a wise individual said, Hope... is the companion of power, and the mother of success for who so hopes has within him the gift of miracles.
Once a wise individual said, When we were doing 'Freaks and Geeks', I didn't quite understand how movies and TV worked, and I would improvise even if the camera wasn't on me. I thought I was helping the other actors by keeping them on their toes, but nobody appreciated it when I would trip them up. So I was improvising a little bit back then, but not in a productive way.
Once a wise individual said, I came to live in Shepperton in 1960. I thought: the future isn't in the metropolitan areas of London. I want to go out to the new suburbs, near the film studios. This was the England I wanted to write about, because this was the new world that was emerging.
Once a wise individual said, They say marriage will change you but it didn't change me. Being in love changed me.
Once a wise individual said, Few if any teenagers can relate to getting up for school and finding famous comics like Pryor and Williams hanging out in your living room after a hard night of partying. But that's Hollywood.
Once a wise individual said, Economic medicine that was previously meted out by the cupful has recently been dispensed by the barrel. These once unthinkable dosages will almost certainly bring on unwelcome after-effects. Their precise nature is anyone's guess, though one likely consequence is an onslaught of inflation.
Once a wise individual said, Oh, my mom. She's one of my biggest fans.
Once a wise individual said, I have more respect for a man who lets me know where he stands, even if he's wrong. Than the one who comes up like an angel and is nothing but a devil.
Once a wise individual said, Obviously, marriage is not a synonym for morality. But stable marriages and families do encourage moral behavior.
Once a wise individual said, Reading is more of a left-brain process, and listening to music is a right-brain function.
Once a wise individual said, Murals in restaurants are on a par with the food in museums.
Once a wise individual said, It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous.
Once a wise individual said, I think God's really blessed me with patience. I'm good with a lot of things going on at once.
Once a wise individual said, For me growing up, Christmas time was always the most fantastic, exciting time of year, and you'd stay up until three in the morning. You'd hear the parents wrapping in the other room but you knew that also, maybe, they were in collusion with Santa Claus.
Once a wise individual said, Nonviolence is a good policy when the conditions permit.
Once a wise individual said, There is only one passion, the passion for happiness.
Once a wise individual said, There are two kinds of people: those who say to God, 'Thy will be done,' and those to whom God says, 'All right, then, have it your way.'
Once a wise individual said, The activists will not stop in trying to impose their extreme views on the rest of us, and they have now plotted out a state-by-state strategy to increase the number of judicial decisions redefining marriage without the voice of the people being heard.
Once a wise individual said, My parents armed me with an amazing sense of humor, and it's what you need when, well, it's what anyone needs in this world.
Once a wise individual said, For at the same time many people seem eager to extend the circle of our moral consideration to animals, in our factory farms and laboratories we are inflicting more suffering on more animals than at any time in history.
Once a wise individual said, People can be more forgiving than you can imagine. But you have to forgive yourself. Let go of what's bitter and move on.
Once a wise individual said, A coward is incapable of exhibiting love it is the prerogative of the brave.
Once a wise individual said, Human history in essence is the history of ideas.
Once a wise individual said, If I can put one touch of rosy sunset into the life of any man or woman, I shall feel that I have worked with God.
Once a wise individual said, America, which has the most glorious present still existing in the world today, hardly stops to enjoy it, in her insatiable appetite for the future.
Once a wise individual said, Our patience will achieve more than our force.
Once a wise individual said, The quickest way to defuse fear or insecurity or anger is usually humor. I think comics figure that out quickly, and, once you figure it out, you think, 'Hey, if I can do this and get paid, that would be kind of cool.'
Once a wise individual said, To understand is to forgive, even oneself.
Once a wise individual said, It is understanding that gives us an ability to have peace. When we understand the other fellow's viewpoint, and he understands ours, then we can sit down and work out our differences.
Once a wise individual said, War is the statesman's game, the priest's delight, the lawyer's jest, the hired assassin's trade.
Once a wise individual said, If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don't, they never were.
Once a wise individual said, You keep learning all the time.
Once a wise individual said, To array a man's will against his sickness is the supreme art of medicine.
Once a wise individual said, I am not going to die, I'm going home like a shooting star.
Once a wise individual said, Courage is the greatest of all virtues, because if you haven't courage, you may not have an opportunity to use any of the others.
Once a wise individual said, I think the one thing this picture shows that's new is the psychological disproportion of the kids' demands on the parents. Parents are often at fault, but the kids have some work to do, too.
Once a wise individual said, If you look at the various strategies available for dealing with a new technology, sticking your head in the sand is not the most plausible strategy.
Once a wise individual said, My nutritionist has done a great job in changing my diet after we established I am allergic to things like gluten - I can't eat pizza, pasta and bread. I have lost some weight, but my movement is sharper and I feel great.
Once a wise individual said, I mean when you come into the set at 7:30 in the morning and you come out of make-up and the first thing you know, the ladies start coming into our dressing rooms at 7:45.
Once a wise individual said, The guy keeps making speeches about redistribution and maybe we ought to do something to businesses that don't invest, their holding too much money. We haven't heard that kind of talk except from pure socialists. Everybody's afraid of the government and there's no need soft peddling it, it's the truth. It is the truth.
Once a wise individual said, I don't dream songs. I'm more apt to write dreams down and then to be able to interpret them into a song. I also tend to get up and write prose in the morning from which will come songs.
Once a wise individual said, I was in New York and I walked into this pet store and came out with a dog.
Once a wise individual said, Nixon in 1968, unlike Obama 2008, was elected as a minority president with only 43 percent of the vote. Yet, in 1972, he won what, in some measures, was the most lopsided election in American history with 61 percent.
Once a wise individual said, To talk about a relationship trivializes something that's nobody's business.
Once a wise individual said, A good leader is one who can tell another how to reach his or her potential a great leader is one who can help another discover this potential for him or herself.
Once a wise individual said, I think women are excellent social critics.
Once a wise individual said, As efforts to fix this failure at the Veterans Administration continue, I also intend to persist in demanding answers and action on the establishment of a new clinic to serve the veterans in North Central Washington.
Once a wise individual said, We should not blur the lines between legal and illegal immigrants. Millions of people around the world have gone through the process to come here legally and they followed the rules that required them to pay a fee, learn English, and learn about American history and government.
Once a wise individual said, Government stimulates the democrat party.
Once a wise individual said, It was the experience of mystery - even if mixed with fear - that engendered religion.
Once a wise individual said, I want everyone to tell me the truth, even if it costs him his job.
Once a wise individual said, Human beings are accustomed to think of intellect as the power of having and controlling ideas and of ability to learn as synonymous with ability to have ideas. But learning by having ideas is really one of the rare and isolated events in nature.
Once a wise individual said, But when I would see the surrogate, my first instinct, my first reaction would be jealousy, because she was doing what I wanted to do.
Once a wise individual said, After my mother's death, I had such difficulty relating to people.
Once a wise individual said, Success doesn't necessarily come from breakthrough innovation but from flawless execution. A great strategy alone won't win a game or a battle the win comes from basic blocking and tackling.
Once a wise individual said, Once we hit forty, women only have about four taste buds left: one for vodka, one for wine, one for cheese, and one for chocolate.
Once a wise individual said, Even one voice can be heard loudly all over the world in this day and age.
Once a wise individual said, I can't remember a time when my mom didn't work. She has forever been on the move: a go-getter. When my brother Adel and I had a paper route as kids, my mom would get up before us at the crack of dawn to drop off the Washington Post at different corners.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage ain't easy, but it's great most of the time.
Once a wise individual said, I mean, technology is amoral. It has no morality.
Once a wise individual said, The age of a woman doesn't mean a thing. The best tunes are played on the oldest fiddles.
Once a wise individual said, I became a Republican because I trust people more than I trust government.
Once a wise individual said, You want a friend in Washington? Get a dog.
Once a wise individual said, I was a product of a divorced family and I used humor as a weapon to combat sadness. I used comedy to make my mother laugh in light of the darkness that she faced, and to me it became a very powerful tool at a very young age, at six. I saw how therapeutic it could be.
Once a wise individual said, The oppressed are allowed once every few years to decide which particular representatives of the oppressing class are to represent and repress them in parliament.
Once a wise individual said, Man was nature's mistake she neglected to finish him and she has never ceased paying for her mistake.
Once a wise individual said, Further, Take heed that you faithfully perform the business you have to do in the world, from a regard to the commands of God and not from an ambitious desire of being esteemed better than others.
Once a wise individual said, So you can say, 'Get Big Government out of here, and don't tell me what to eat,' but when kids are going to school, and they're being fed junk, we're pretty much telling them what to eat, and we're telling them junk is OK.
Once a wise individual said, The bottom line is that Wanda Sykes has the longest continuously documented family tree of any African-American we have ever researched.
Once a wise individual said, Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.
Once a wise individual said, We sincerely ask the Beijing authorities across the Strait to view the election result from a positive perspective, to accept the democratic decision of the Taiwanese people.
Once a wise individual said, Holiday? Is like, what? I'm a hyperactive girl, so it may be boring for me to be on the beach doing nothing. I just need to find a place for three weeks and work but sleep in the morning, maybe write a little bit, have a glass of red wine. That's my perfect holiday.
Once a wise individual said, It felt as if things were literally slipping through my fingers. Things were just streaming away from me. I lost my sense of humor. I'm still looking for that.
Once a wise individual said, My dad was depressed a lot of the time, and there were a lot of things in his life that he never resolved.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness is not a goal it is a by-product.
Once a wise individual said, I started out mopping floors, waiting tables, and tending bar at my dad's tavern. I put myself through school working odd jobs and night shifts. I poured my heart and soul into a small business. And when I saw how out-of-touch Washington had become with the core values of this great nation, I put my name forward and ran for office.
Once a wise individual said, Music is the social act of communication among people, a gesture of friendship, the strongest there is.
Once a wise individual said, It was an amazing mistake to lose 10p on every copy because your sleeve is so expensive.
Once a wise individual said, I like to go to parties where I know everyone. How are you going to have fun with people you don't know?
Once a wise individual said, A person who has sympathy for mankind in the lump, faith in its future progress, and desire to serve the great cause of this progress, should be called not a humanist, but a humanitarian, and his creed may be designated as humanitarianism.
Once a wise individual said, If you reject the food, ignore the customs, fear the religion and avoid the people, you might better stay at home.
Once a wise individual said, Women love always: when earth slips from them, they take refuge in heaven.
Once a wise individual said, Cigarettes and coffee: an alcoholic's best friend!
Once a wise individual said, My ultimate dream is to become a famous star because I love to sing.
Once a wise individual said, The good news is that real-world hands-on conservation is alive and well and catching on across the America I travel.
Once a wise individual said, The challenges of change are always hard. It is important that we begin to unpack those challenges that confront this nation and realize that we each have a role that requires us to change and become more responsible for shaping our own future.
Once a wise individual said, Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
Once a wise individual said, I hid myself in food.
Once a wise individual said, Plain women know more about men than beautiful women do.
Once a wise individual said, The most dangerous creation of any society is the man who has nothing to lose.
Once a wise individual said, Well my biggest dream is to be in a romantic comedy.
Once a wise individual said, It seems to me the Washington Monument is a symbol of America's power. It has been the symbol of our great nation. We look at the symbol and we say 'this is one nation under God.'
Once a wise individual said, We are creating a unique experience. It's starts with how you see the building from a distance.
Once a wise individual said, Imagination which comes into play in falling in love is different from any other. Certainly in my case, and I've fallen in love all my life, one imagines the person to be as you want them to be. They frequently turn out to be someone different, for better or worse.
Once a wise individual said, We watch a lot of Discovery Channel, shows like 'The Biggest Loser' and even 'Amazing Race.' You learn a lot about the world, it's fun and nobody's interested in beating anybody down. And then the opposite: I'm a huge fan of 'Survivor.'
Once a wise individual said, So as I look at transitioning to the communication platforms of the future, I see that the beauty of Internet protocols is you get the separation of the layers between service and technology.
Once a wise individual said, Throughout history, great leaders have known the power of humor.
Once a wise individual said, I hope that seeing the excitement of solving this problem will make young mathematicians realize that there are lots and lots of other problems in mathematics which are going to be just as challenging in the future.
Once a wise individual said, Friendship is a word, the very sight of which in print makes the heart warm.
Once a wise individual said, The idea that a congressman would be tainted by accepting money from private industry or private sources is essentially a socialist argument.
Once a wise individual said, In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
Once a wise individual said, But my point is that you design something in the end that precludes any unhealthy trading practices that are not going to serve your environmental or your economic objectives but now is not the time to do it.
Once a wise individual said, It is a paradox that every dictator has climbed to power on the ladder of free speech. Immediately on attaining power each dictator has suppressed all free speech except his own.
Once a wise individual said, I've never stabbed, hurt, killed, stolen, anything, but I went to jail for a year. What is that? My pastor said to me the fact that I'm not living under a bridge as a crazy woman, talking to myself, is amazing.
Once a wise individual said, Life excites me-just little, normal, everyday things. Getting out of bed. Getting dressed. Making food. I find it all exciting.
Once a wise individual said, If government and media and all of us in the Australian tribe got together, and the rock industry, we'd just be the greatest cultural force the world has ever seen - we're such an amazing race.
Once a wise individual said, My number one goal is to love, support and be there for my son.
Once a wise individual said, We say that slavery has vanished from European civilization, but this is not true. Slavery still exists, but now it applies only to women and its name is prostitution.
Once a wise individual said, Following the light of the sun, we left the Old World.
Once a wise individual said, The most efficient water power in the world - women's tears.
Once a wise individual said, Any knowledge that doesn't lead to new questions quickly dies out: it fails to maintain the temperature required for sustaining life.
Once a wise individual said, Concerns about the size and role of government are what seem to leave reformers stammering and speechless in town-hall meetings. The right wants to have a debate over fundamental principles elected Democrats seem incapable of giving it to them.
Once a wise individual said, All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.
Once a wise individual said, My experience has been that work is almost the best way to pull oneself out of the depths.
Once a wise individual said, I know how men in exile feed on dreams.
Once a wise individual said, If you don't like the President, it costs you 90 bucks to fly to Washington to picket. If you don't like the Governor, it costs you 60 bucks to fly to Albany to picket. If you don't like me, 90 cents.
Once a wise individual said, I feel true success comes from being able to work and the love for it.
Once a wise individual said, Nothing requires the architect's care more than the due proportions of buildings.
Once a wise individual said, There is not a lot of separation between work and home life.
Once a wise individual said, The great thing about the United States and the historically magnetic effect it has had on a lot of people like me is its generosity, to put it simply.
Once a wise individual said, Friendship! Mysterious cement of the soul, Sweet'ner of life, and solder of society.
Once a wise individual said, You can't fake this music. You might be a great singer or a great musician but, in the need, that's got nothing to do with it. It's how you connect to the songs and to the history behind them.
Once a wise individual said, But one of the amazing things about documentary is that you can remake it every time you make one. There is no rule about how a documentary film has to be made.
Once a wise individual said, Resolved, that the women of this nation in 1876, have greater cause for discontent, rebellion and revolution than the men of 1776.
Once a wise individual said, God has a most wicked sense of humor.
Once a wise individual said, When we are unwilling to draw clear moral lines between free societies and fear societies, when we are unwilling to call the former good and the latter evil, we will not be able to advance the cause of peace because peace cannot be disconnected from freedom.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think I have accomplished what I still have to accomplish. There is one thing that I would like to do, and that's to bring security and peace to the Jewish people.
Once a wise individual said, I am very proud of my mom and consider her the most courageous woman I know. With perseverance, sacrifice and hard work, she raised a family of Olympic athletes and gave us the tools and the spirit to succeed. That is something that my brothers and I will always be thankful for.
Once a wise individual said, Some of my high school teachers did remind me that I had an excellent imagination when it came to making up excuses.
Once a wise individual said, Suppliers and especially manufacturers have market power because they have information about a product or a service that the customer does not and cannot have, and does not need if he can trust the brand. This explains the profitability of brands.
Once a wise individual said, If you have learned how to disagree without being disagreeable, then you have discovered the secrete of getting along - whether it be business, family relations, or life itself.
Once a wise individual said, Let a man do what he will by a single woman, the world is encouragingly apt to think Marriage a sufficient amends.
Once a wise individual said, We were told this war would be over in a matter of weeks, and that the Iraqis would be able to finance it with oil sales. We were promised it was not a mission of nation building.
Once a wise individual said, I do come from a strong family.
Once a wise individual said, I've been dating since I was fifteen. I'm exhausted. Where is he?
Once a wise individual said, If people believe you're on their side, they will trust your decisions.
Once a wise individual said, We cannot improve on the system of government handed down to us by the founders of the Republic. There is no way to improve upon that. But what we can do is to find new ways to implement that system and realize our destiny.
Once a wise individual said, We certainly want those at the top to do well, but if you base your entire presidency and your entire economic platform on helping them do even better, you're missing what makes the economy tick. Because not everyone has been as fortunate as Mitt Romney, you cannot base your whole approach on a life experience as rarified as his.
Once a wise individual said, Part of the reason for the ugliness of adults, in a child's eyes, is that the child is usually looking upwards, and few faces are at their best when seen from below.
Once a wise individual said, There will always be a desire for something new, fresh and innovative, as well as a yearning and respect for timeless elegance and beauty.
Once a wise individual said, They've been fairly positive, as firm as they could be in regards to the derivatives operations in Montreal. We didn't sense that there was a hesitation about it. But things change.
Once a wise individual said, I believe that the rights of women and girls is the unfinished business of the 21st century.
Once a wise individual said, One is called to live nonviolently, even if the change one works for seems impossible.
Once a wise individual said, I'm thankful that my memory is good because my vision is going.
Once a wise individual said, The truth is that there is only one terminal dignity - love. And the story of a love is not important - what is important is that one is capable of love. It is perhaps the only glimpse we are permitted of eternity.
Once a wise individual said, I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun.
Once a wise individual said, The dissemination of advanced implantable technology will likely be just as ruthlessly democratic as the ailments it is destined to treat. Meaning that, someday soon, we may have a new class of very smart, very fast people - yesterday's disabled and elderly.
Once a wise individual said, We have the opportunity to move not only toward the rich society and the powerful society, but upward to the Great Society.
Once a wise individual said, Some of us can be examples about going ahead and growing, and some of us, unfortunately, don't make it there, and end up being examples because they had to die. I hit rock bottom, but thank God my bottom wasn't death.
Once a wise individual said, Taking it in its wider and generic application, I understand faith to be the supplement of sense or, to change the phrase, all knowledge which comes not to us through our senses we gain by faith in others.
Once a wise individual said, The worst enemy of human hope is not brute facts, but men of brains who will not face them.
Once a wise individual said, What we do as a society is seek simple answers.
Once a wise individual said, Meyer and I have a bit in common because we're both left-handed. I think it's great that he seeks out that advice because he's not too cool or too uncomfortable to ask for it.
Once a wise individual said, Unlike curing cancer or heart disease, we already know how to beat hunger: food.
Once a wise individual said, I think within Japan there is talk about how there is the need to reassess the future of the U.S.-Japan alliance.
Once a wise individual said, My mom and dad put my brother and sister through university and they were very keen for us to have an academic background just to give us a chance.
Once a wise individual said, I feel like a lot of the female relationships I see on TV or in movies are in some way free of the kind of jealousy and anxiety and posturing that has been such a huge part of my female friendships, which I hope lessens a little bit with age.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think that fundamentalism has anything to do with Jesus Christ. They call themselves Christians, but if that's Christian, count me out. Fundamentalism is built on fear and greed. They're telling you to give them your money otherwise you're going to hell.
Once a wise individual said, The world in general doesn't know what to make of originality it is startled out of its comfortable habits of thought, and its first reaction is one of anger.
Once a wise individual said, Smiles come naturally to me, but I started thinking of them as an art form at my command. I studied all the time. I looked at magazines, I'd practice in front of the mirror and I'd ask photographers about the best angles. I can now pull out a smile at will.
Once a wise individual said, Each year over 2,500 commercial vessels enter the Port of Hampton Roads alone, so adequate funding for port security is a significant issue for those of us who live in Richmond and Hampton Roads.
Once a wise individual said, How few there are who have courage enough to own their faults, or resolution enough to mend them.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a huge, huge sports fan, and Marquette basketball is my No. 1 thing.
Once a wise individual said, Without feeling abashed by my ignorance, I confess that I am absolutely unable to say. In the absence of an appearance of learning, my answer has at least one merit, that of perfect sincerity.
Once a wise individual said, I have only one yardstick by which I test every major problem - and that yardstick is: Is it good for America?
Once a wise individual said, Informed decision-making comes from a long tradition of guessing and then blaming others for inadequate results.
Once a wise individual said, Congress acknowledged that society's accumulated myths and fears about disability and disease are as handicapping as are the physical limitations that flow from actual impairment.
Once a wise individual said, The role of leadership is to transform the complex situation into small pieces and prioritize them.
Once a wise individual said, I respect only those who resist me, but I cannot tolerate them.
Once a wise individual said, I used to be a discipline problem, which caused me embarrassment until I realized that being a discipline problem in a racist society is sometimes an honor.
Once a wise individual said, I think I like big issues, but I don't believe in God or religion.
Once a wise individual said, Penn State is a leader in food science.
Once a wise individual said, The film itself involves a New York City radio storyteller, Gabriel Noone, who strikes up a friendship with one of his fans, an abused 14-year-old teenager who is suffering from AIDS, who does not have much longer to live.
Once a wise individual said, The only way to avoid being unhappy is to close yourself up in Art and to count for nothing all the rest.
Once a wise individual said, I always thought we had an environmental problem, but I hadn't realized how urgent it was. James Lovelock writes that by the end of this century there will be one billion people left.
Once a wise individual said, Leaders of the future will have to be visionary and be able to bring people in - real communicators. These are things that women bring to leadership and executive positions, and it's going to be incredibly valuable and incredibly in demand.
Once a wise individual said, Writers write. Dreamers talk about it.
Once a wise individual said, If you love someone, you say it, right then, out loud. Otherwise, the moment just passes you by.
Once a wise individual said, To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
Once a wise individual said, In addition to removing our democratically elected government, Israel wants to sow dissent among Palestinians by claiming that there is a serious leadership rivalry among us. I am compelled to dispel this notion definitively.
Once a wise individual said, Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life.
Once a wise individual said, Violent men have not been known in history to die to a man. They die up to a point.
Once a wise individual said, Men know they are sexual exiles. They wander the earth seeking satisfaction, craving and despising, never content. There is nothing in that anguished motion for women to envy.
Once a wise individual said, Every major player is working on this technology of artificial intelligence. As of now, it's benign... but I would say that the day is not far off when artificial intelligence as applied to cyber warfare becomes a threat to everybody.
Once a wise individual said, African Americans make up about 13 percent of the U.S. population but comprise 32 percent of patients treated for kidney failure, giving them a kidney failure rate that is 4.2 times greater than that of white Americans.
Once a wise individual said, Just do what you do best.
Once a wise individual said, My father was always a straight-up funny guy. He was silly. He was my inspiration.
Once a wise individual said, If it looks good, you'll see it. If it sounds good, you'll hear it. If its marketed right, you'll buy it. But... If its real... you'll feel it.
Once a wise individual said, My greatest concern is that the emergence of this technology without the appropriate public attention and international controls could lead to an unstable arms race.
Once a wise individual said, Maybe you are the 'cool' generation If coolness means a capacity to stay calm and use your head in the service of ends passionately believed in, then it has my admiration.
Once a wise individual said, When I travel I normally eat club sandwiches or I bring my own food. When you go into a new town, it's very had to find a good place to eat.
Once a wise individual said, I've had some amazing people in my life. Look at my father - he came from a small fishing village of five hundred people and at six foot four with giant ears and a kind of very odd expression, thought he could be a movie star. So go figure, you know?
Once a wise individual said, Politics ought to be the part-time profession of every citizen who would protect the rights and privileges of free people and who would preserve what is good and fruitful in our national heritage.
Once a wise individual said, I'd like to believe an accumulation of experience has made me a sort of a grown-up person, so I can have judgment and taste and whatever.
Once a wise individual said, My mom was a model. She had me at 20, so she was a young mother.
Once a wise individual said, I've always been the type to fall in love fast and, with every boyfriend, I plan out my wedding in my head.
Once a wise individual said, Quite frankly, I didn't become an actor to become a movie star. I have never dreamed about being the most famous person on the planet. I just want to do really good work.
Once a wise individual said, My faith helps me overcome such negative emotions and find my equilibrium.
Once a wise individual said, I think in art, but especially in films, people are trying to confirm their own existences.
Once a wise individual said, My first outdoor cooking memories are full of erratic British summers, Dad swearing at a barbecue that he couldn't put together, and eventually eating charred sausages, feeling brilliant.
Once a wise individual said, The greatest part of a writer's time is spent in reading in order to write. A man will turn over half a library to make a book.
Once a wise individual said, My Dad died during the flu epidemic in 1918 when I was 4 years old. He left a lot of classical recordings behind that I began listening to at an early age, so he must have been a music lover.
Once a wise individual said, Well tended garden is better than a neglected wood lot.
Once a wise individual said, European investment in Texas alone exceeds all U.S. investment in China and Japan put together.
Once a wise individual said, Losing my mom at such a young age had a profound effect on my life.
Once a wise individual said, I think beauty comes from within. If you're happy and look at life in the best way you can, even when there are problems, it can make you beautiful on the outside.
Once a wise individual said, Democrats believe that the federal government is not our enemy, it's our partner.
Once a wise individual said, Well, I'm a libertarian conservative, so I believe in limited government/maximum individual freedom.
Once a wise individual said, Soon I realized that if beauty equalled forgiveness, I was never going to be forgiven.
Once a wise individual said, As I grew up, I was continually to suffer hardships in different realms of life - in my family, in my relationship to Japanese society and in my way of living at large in the latter half of the twentieth century.
Once a wise individual said, Courage to be is the key to revelatory power of the feminist revolution.
Once a wise individual said, Deep down, my mom had long suspected I was gay... Much of her anger and hurt came from her sense of betrayal that she was the last to be told.
Once a wise individual said, Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence.
Once a wise individual said, Learning how to learn is life's most important skill.
Once a wise individual said, Since my retirement, I've spent a lot of time trying to help the School of Social Work at the University of North Carolina. A society like this just can't afford an uneducated underclass of citizens.
Once a wise individual said, He is the best sailor who can steer within fewest points of the wind, and exact a motive power out of the greatest obstacles.
Once a wise individual said, I've seen the ticket, and I still can't believe it. When I see the money, I hope I don't hit the floor.
Once a wise individual said, There are no college courses to build up self-esteem or high school or elementary school. If you don't get those values at a early age, nurtured in your home, you don't get them.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage is a great institution, but I'm not ready for an institution.
Once a wise individual said, I do two things. I design mobile computers and I study brains.
Once a wise individual said, I've been interested in dreams since I as a kid and I've wanted to do a film about them for a long time.
Once a wise individual said, It gave me a lot of pleasure and pride that 90 percent of the crew for 'Monsoon Wedding,' and most of my film, are women. We get the work done, you know, much lesser play of ego... And I really believe in harmony, I believe in working in a spirit of egolessness and that the film is bigger than all of us.
Once a wise individual said, I feel like I'm really blessed and lucky that I have a very good social life outside of the gym, and I have a really amazing family. My parents are so supportive. I have a younger brother and two younger sisters, and they're really awesome. So I feel like I get the best of both worlds.
Once a wise individual said, Everything revolves around the music when it comes to Tool.
Once a wise individual said, Times were changing. Clothes were changing. Morals were changing. We went from romantic loves songs like I used to do to rock 'n roll. Now that has changed to rap. So, there's always a new generation with new music.
Once a wise individual said, My knowledge of science came from being with Carl, not from formal academic training. Carl gave me a thrilling tutorial in science and math that lasted the 20 years we were together.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a '70s mom, and my daughter is a '90s mom. I know a lot of women my age who are real computer freaks.
Once a wise individual said, I believe that the fight against crime starts in the home. Parents must take responsibility for their children and show them love and guidance from an early age so they learn to respect the rights of others.
Once a wise individual said, The episodes all blend together for me, so I don't remember. I can't even remember what I had for breakfast this morning. I always feel I must be such a disappointment to them.
Once a wise individual said, And ever has it been known that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
Once a wise individual said, Proclaim human equality as loudly as you like, Witless will serve his brother.
Once a wise individual said, If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.
Once a wise individual said, Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger. You see, one can only be angry with those he respects.
Once a wise individual said, Everything can change at any moment, suddenly and forever.
Once a wise individual said, The artist is the confidant of nature, flowers carry on dialogues with him through the graceful bending of their stems and the harmoniously tinted nuances of their blossoms. Every flower has a cordial word which nature directs towards him.
Once a wise individual said, If thou must love me, let it be for naught except for love's sake only.
Once a wise individual said, Life is a travelling to the edge of knowledge, then a leap taken.
Once a wise individual said, I like the hot-cold, the sugar-salt, being able to play over-the-top and dramatic things - in the same film. Just as in my life, I can be very funny and at other times almost extinguished.
Once a wise individual said, Courage is simply the willingness to be afraid and act anyway.
Once a wise individual said, Acting is all about big hair and funny props... All the great actors knew it. Olivier knew it, Brando knew it.
Once a wise individual said, I'd die if I was Madonna. I'd die. God, what a horrible way to live. And Michael Jackson! To be so famous and to feel so isolated. I feel so bad for them. I don't know how it feels, and I hope it never happens to me.
Once a wise individual said, I don't want to be famous famous. I'm happy on the second tier, where I have autonomy on a professional level but I can still go out to the movies without being recognized.
Once a wise individual said, I'm more like my father, personality-wise. But my mom and I get alone really well - obviously, because my mom and my dad get along so well.
Once a wise individual said, In order to acquire a growing and lasting respect in society, it is a good thing, if you possess great talent, to give, early in your youth, a very hard kick to the right shin of the society that you love. After that, be a snob.
Once a wise individual said, Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe loves nothing so much as to change the things which are, and to make new things like them.
Once a wise individual said, You know the passage where Scarlett voices her happiness that her mother is dead, so that she can't see what a bad girl Scarlett has become? Well, that's me.
Once a wise individual said, In a war of ideas it is people who get killed.
Once a wise individual said, I believe in God and his son, Jesus.
Once a wise individual said, I like to feel the butterflies in the stomach, I like to go home and have a restless night and wonder how I'm going to be able to accomplish this feat, get jittery. That hunger and those butterflies in the stomach are very essential for all creative people.
Once a wise individual said, A musician must make music, an artist must paint, a poet must write, if he is to be ultimately at peace with himself.
Once a wise individual said, He who has faith has... an inward reservoir of courage, hope, confidence, calmness, and assuring trust that all will come out well - even though to the world it may appear to come out most badly.
Once a wise individual said, Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
Once a wise individual said, Smartness runs in my family. When I went to school I was so smart my teacher was in my class for five years.
Once a wise individual said, Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.
Once a wise individual said, Just because you do not take an interest in politics doesn't mean politics won't take an interest in you.
Once a wise individual said, Grammar is a piano I play by ear. All I know about grammar is its power.
Once a wise individual said, I always envisioned myself being a rapper and being in the game and having success, but you never know what it feels like or how you're going to be when you're there.
Once a wise individual said, Well, what was called the blessed hope of the Bible is that one day Jesus Christ would come back again, start a whole new era, that this world order that we know it would change into something that would be wonderful that we'd call the millennium.
Once a wise individual said, President Clinton is going to embrace President Obama, as he should. They are working together. They're different kinds of people. Obama is cool, Clinton is a schmoozer. Both are great speakers. It's a great merging of the party.
Once a wise individual said, Further Education should be about the ability to learn, not the ability to pay - everyone who is able should have the opportunity, regardless of their family background. I don't want to see students struggling with huge debts or frightened off even going to university in the first place.
Once a wise individual said, Any government that supports, protects or harbours terrorists is complicit in the murder of the innocent and equally guilty of terrorist crimes.
Once a wise individual said, The tragedy of modern war is that the young men die fighting each other - instead of their real enemies back home in the capitals.
Once a wise individual said, We each have a personal myth, a vision of who we really are and what we want. Health means that part of what you want is to give to others.
Once a wise individual said, It was a long time in the making, my divorce. One day became less special than the next, and pretty soon, we ceased all conversation. It is a sad day when you have nothing left to say.
Once a wise individual said, We must return to nature and nature's god.
Once a wise individual said, Love, hope, fear, faith - these make humanity These are its sign and note and character.
Once a wise individual said, I have tried to know absolutely nothing about a great many things, and I have succeeded fairly well.
Once a wise individual said, We failed, but in the good providence of God apparent failure often proves a blessing.
Once a wise individual said, Do you know what it means to come home at night to a woman who'll give you a little love, a little affection, a little tenderness? It means you're in the wrong house, that's what it means.
Once a wise individual said, I'm very thankful to players like John Stockton and Spud Webb. They've made it possible for someone like me to make it. I think teams are actually looking for one player under 6-feet now, because they make things happen.
Once a wise individual said, President Obama's fight for rural America is personal. He was raised by a single mom and grandparents from Kansas. He hails from a farming state, Illinois.
Once a wise individual said, I'm still really close with everyone at home and their parents - and their brothers and sisters. I was so, so, so lucky to grow up as part of a community and I don't take that for granted. I try very hard to stay part of it.
Once a wise individual said, A fundamentalist can't bring himself or herself to negotiate with people who disagree with them because the negotiating process itself is an indication of implied equality.
Once a wise individual said, I do not say think as I think, but think in my way. Fear no shadows, least of all in that great spectre of personal unhappiness which binds half the world to orthodoxy.
Once a wise individual said, Who knows what technology will emerge in the next five years, let alone 20. Yet the education we provide our children now is supposed to last for decades. We cannot train them for jobs that do not even exist yet, but we can provide them with the minds and tools they'll need to adapt to our ever-changing set of circumstances.
Once a wise individual said, The most thought-provoking thing in our thought-provoking time is that we are still not thinking.
Once a wise individual said, I was watching TV at age 9 or 10, and my mom said that I came from the front room and I told her that I want to act. And she said if you want to do this at 18, then you can. It was a very simple story, yet, I do not even remember the conversation that I had with my mother. Until she reminded me of the story many years later.
Once a wise individual said, As long as I tell the truth I feel that nobody can touch me.
Once a wise individual said, I have a theory that I really want my kids to know - the only coloration that they make between dad being in films and reality is just a lot of people doing a lot of hard work.
Once a wise individual said, I had to trick people into giving me money for my first film. Making a romantic comedy is easier and more expected from a woman than it is to make a drama about a Japanese warrior.
Once a wise individual said, I cooked at the White House for Easter, last year, with Michelle Obama. But it more had to do with cooking from the organic garden, and her message. I took my daughter and granddaughter there, and they were really charming, it was great.
Once a wise individual said, All art comes from other art, and all immigrants come from other places.
Once a wise individual said, Civilization advances by extending the number of important operations which we can perform without thinking of them.
Once a wise individual said, The interior of the house personifies the private world the exterior of it is part of the outside world.
Once a wise individual said, Genius is the ability to renew one's emotions in daily experience.
Once a wise individual said, We must have great respect for these people who also suffer and who want to find their own way of correct living. On the other hand, to create a legal form of a kind of homosexual marriage, in reality, does not help these people.
Once a wise individual said, I am a fashion designer. I'm not an environmentalist. When I get up in the morning, number one I'm a mother and a wife, and number two I design clothes. So the main thing I need to do is create, hopefully, exquisitely beautiful, desirable objects for my customer.
Once a wise individual said, A picture must possess a real power to generate light and for a long time now I've been conscious of expressing myself through light or rather in light.
Once a wise individual said, Computers are like Old Testament gods lots of rules and no mercy.
Once a wise individual said, I think Muslims have become the new Negroes in America. They are being mistreated at airports, by the Immigration - everywhere. Islam is a religion of peace. They are wrong.
Once a wise individual said, Man's sin is in his failure to live what he is. Being the master of the earth, man forgets that he is the servant of God.
Once a wise individual said, Is it not careless to become too local when there are four hundred billion stars in our galaxy alone.
Once a wise individual said, Though 'Fire and Rain' is very personal, for other people it resonates as a sort of commonly held experience... And that's what happens with me. I write things for personal reasons, and then in some cases it... can be a shared experience.
Once a wise individual said, The origin of the absurd idea of immortal life is easy to discover it is kept alive by hope and fear, by childish faith, and by cowardice.
Once a wise individual said, War is fear cloaked in courage.
Once a wise individual said, If you look at anybody who's had along career, if you look at the choices they've made - even if the movies haven't worked - they've always worked with great filmmakers.
Once a wise individual said, It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.
Once a wise individual said, If a composer could say what he had to say in words he would not bother trying to say it in music.
Once a wise individual said, Positive rights are the right to shelter, the right to education, the right to health care, the right to a living wage. These things are - these are, I would call them, more properly, political rights rather than positive rights. And they are extremely tricky, because now we are dealing with things that are zero sum.
Once a wise individual said, The maid that loves goes out to sea upon a shattered plank, and puts her trust in miracles for safety.
Once a wise individual said, The sad truth is that the civil rights movement cannot be reborn until we identify the causes of black suffering, some of them self-inflicted. Why can't black leaders organize rallies around responsible sexuality, birth within marriage, parents reading to their children and students staying in school and doing homework?
Once a wise individual said, We need affordable space travel to inspire our youth, to let them know that they can experience their dreams, can set significant goals and be in a position to lead all of us to future progress in exploration, discovery and fun. Thanks to the X Prize for the inspiration.
Once a wise individual said, Faith is the strength by which a shattered world shall emerge into the light.
Once a wise individual said, To me, living in the present means being aware of your conscious choice to focus on the past, present or future - it is not necessarily having to focus on the present.
Once a wise individual said, I am thankful, of course, for the prize and thankful to God for each story, each idea, each word, each day.
Once a wise individual said, Darts players are probably a lot fitter than most footballers in overall body strength.
Once a wise individual said, Brave men rejoice in adversity, just as brave soldiers triumph in war.
Once a wise individual said, I remember when I was coming up, the music stores where you could get guitar strings was where I got my records from. Now the place where you get your records from is where you can get your DJ mats and your mixers.
Once a wise individual said, It is the privilege of those who fear love to murder those who do not fear it!
Once a wise individual said, Gossip is nature's telephone.
Once a wise individual said, Poor David Hume is dying fast, but with more real cheerfulness and good humor and with more real resignation to the necessary course of things, than any whining Christian ever dyed with pretended resignation to the will of God.
Once a wise individual said, There was no respect for youth when I was young, and now that I am old, there is no respect for age, I missed it coming and going.
Once a wise individual said, American movies and music deliver themes of freedom, innocence, and power that appeal to others - partly because America itself was put together out of a multiplicity of national traditions.
Once a wise individual said, The game of golf would lose a great deal if croquet mallets and billiard cues were allowed on the putting green.
Once a wise individual said, You need to find somebody who will speak the same language. We understand that we couldn't have any kind of discussion without permission, without a legal framework behind it.
Once a wise individual said, If you respect the audience enough, they can take onboard many things.
Once a wise individual said, If you can look into the seeds of time, and say which grain will grow and which will not, speak then unto me.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes we look for those thunderous things to happen in our life for our lives to change or go in the other direction. We seek the miracle. We seek the parting of the seas, the moving of the mountains. But no, it's a quiet thing. At least for me it was.
Once a wise individual said, I think there's a suspicion in the South of people putting on airs. You see it in most successful Southern politicians, but you also see it in someone like Richard Petty, who may be a multimillionaire stock car driver, but he's also beloved because he has a nice self-deprecatory way about him.
Once a wise individual said, We must join with the tens of millions all over the world who see in peace our most sacred responsibility.
Once a wise individual said, When you're a child, no matter if you're doing show business or sports or school or anything, you just want to make the adults happy.
Once a wise individual said, We are stymied by regulations, limited choice and the threat of litigation. Neither consultants nor industry itself provide research which takes architecture forward.
Once a wise individual said, The Peace Corps is a sort of Howard Johnson's on the main drag into maturity.
Once a wise individual said, Politics was my third act. But I could have a fourth. I don't know what that will be yet, but there will be one.
Once a wise individual said, It sounds cliche, but success is your friends, your family, what you do, and if you're happy when you wake up.
Once a wise individual said, The only politics in this country that's relevant to black people today is the politics of revolution... none other.
Once a wise individual said, I've done my best to work from a place of humility - always looking over your shoulder saying, 'Does this suck?' and I think that's a good way to work. The other way to work is where you start to think, 'I'm on fire, I'm amazing!' and I don't think that's the way to work.
Once a wise individual said, Well, you know, a lot of people look at the negative things, the things that they did wrong and - which I do. But I like to stress on the things I did right, because there are certain things that I like to look at from a positive standpoint that are just positive reinforcement.
Once a wise individual said, It was as if all of the happiness, all of the magic of this blissful hour had flowed together into these stirring, bittersweet tones and flowed away, becoming temporal and transitory once more.
Once a wise individual said, My parents owned a soul food diner. It inspired me to go to culinary school.
Once a wise individual said, His lordship may compel us to be equal upstairs, but there will never be equality in the servants hall.
Once a wise individual said, It can have a secular purpose and have a relationship to God because God was presumed to be both over the state and the church, and separation of church and state was never meant to separate God from government.
Once a wise individual said, I don't put anything in front of taking ski racing and sports seriously.
Once a wise individual said, To me, the job of the artist is to provide a useful and intelligent vocabulary for the world to be able to articulate feelings they experience everyday, and otherwise wouldn't have the means to express in a meaningful and useful way.
Once a wise individual said, The sensitivity of men to small matters, and their indifference to great ones, indicates a strange inversion.
Once a wise individual said, And I want to do it the right way, like everybody else, not just a famous figurehead that gets a job because he is a famous basketball player. I want to really learn the business.
Once a wise individual said, I was set free because my greatest fear had been realized, and I still had a daughter who I adored, and I had an old typewriter and a big idea. And so rock bottom became a solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.
Once a wise individual said, Israel can't make peace without the clear support of the United States.
Once a wise individual said, A mistake made by many people with great convictions is that they will let nothing stand in the way of their views, not even kindness.
Once a wise individual said, I love people, and I love to be with people and to make music with people, but my natural state is to revert back to being by myself in my house, which is cool because that's where I practice and write and listen and study.
Once a wise individual said, It is only those who have neither fired a shot nor heard the shrieks and groans of the wounded who cry aloud for blood, more vengeance, more desolation. War is hell.
Once a wise individual said, It was a Greek tragedy. Nixon was fulfilling his own nature. Once it started it could not end otherwise.
Once a wise individual said, Pink Floyd is like a marriage that's on a permanent trial separation.
Once a wise individual said, Whether you be man or woman you will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
Once a wise individual said, I trust that the president will try, just give it one more shot, some revolutionary way of not doing this, of bringing all those kids back home safely.
Once a wise individual said, I could really use a corporate sponsor. People think that because you're in the movies, you're rich. I have allocated all my resources to Shambala so the animals will always be safe.
Once a wise individual said, Not necessity, not desire - no, the love of power is the demon of men. Let them have everything - health, food, a place to live, entertainment - they are and remain unhappy and low-spirited: for the demon waits and waits and will be satisfied.
Once a wise individual said, Barack Obama's life was so much simpler in 2009. Back then, he had refined the cold act of blaming others for the bad economy into an art form. Deficits? Blame Bush's tax cuts. Spending? Blame the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. No business investment? Blame Wall Street.
Once a wise individual said, It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.
Once a wise individual said, Parents, it seems, have an almost Olympian persistence when it comes to suggesting more secure and lucrative lines of work for their children who have the notion that writing is an actual profession. I say this from experience.
Once a wise individual said, Shop often, shop hard, and spend for the best stuff available - logic dictates that you can make delicious food only with delicious ingredients.
Once a wise individual said, I have never come across a technology that doesn't change. This is inevitable. You have to adapt your systems as technology develops.
Once a wise individual said, When a man wantonly destroys one of the works of man we call him a vandal. When he destroys one of the works of god we call him a sportsman.
Once a wise individual said, What's certain is that a totalitarian enclave like Cuba's can't continue to exist, so change will definitely come there, eventually.
Once a wise individual said, Always remember that the most important thing in a good marriage is not happiness, but stability.
Once a wise individual said, Some men are alive simply because it is against the law to kill them.
Once a wise individual said, Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
Once a wise individual said, The environment doesn't change that radically. You are still going to go home at night and NBC is going to be there, ABC and CBS will still be there.
Once a wise individual said, Respect for ourselves guides our morals, respect for others guides our manners.
Once a wise individual said, We lament the speed of our society and the lack of depth and the nature of disposable information.
Once a wise individual said, The building of the architecture of a novel - the craft of it - is something I never tire of.
Once a wise individual said, War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.
Once a wise individual said, I have often met with happiness after some imprudent step which ought to have brought ruin upon me, and although passing a vote of censure upon myself I would thank God for his mercy.
Once a wise individual said, There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony. There is time for work. And time for love. That leaves no other time!
Once a wise individual said, You should be having more fun in high school, exploring things because you want to explore them and learning because you love learning-not worrying about competition.
Once a wise individual said, When I do a 30-minute meal, for instance, on Food Network, that's my food you see at the end of the show and it's not perfect. And if sometimes things break or drop or the pasta hits the wall when I'm draining it, they never stop tape. They just kind of let me go with it.
Once a wise individual said, If I could have one prayer answered, I would pray for patience. I move so fast sometimes. I try to slow down.
Once a wise individual said, Here's the thing about movies, all movies end up on television. That's their life. Whether you like it or not, I don't care how much money you spend on it, or how big or broad the film is, or who the actors are in it, eventually it's all coming out of the box.
Once a wise individual said, You can be self-empowered and still learning about how you think about things daily.
Once a wise individual said, We now accept the fact that learning is a lifelong process of keeping abreast of change. And the most pressing task is to teach people how to learn.
Once a wise individual said, Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear.
Once a wise individual said, I can change a tire, but I couldn't change a fuse on the computer panel on my car.
Once a wise individual said, We expert teachers know that motivation and emotional impact are what matter.
Once a wise individual said, I have realized that I hate going to the premieres of the movies that I'm in. Because I feel this tension after the movie is over that everyone feels obligated to say something nice to you. It's so unnatural and uncomfortable.
Once a wise individual said, I've said it before, but it's absolutely true: My mother gave me my drive, but my father gave me my dreams. Thanks to him, I could see a future.
Once a wise individual said, Work and live to serve others, to leave the world a little better than you found it and garner for yourself as much peace of mind as you can. This is happiness.
Once a wise individual said, Although in skating you compete with other people, anyone who achieves a certain level of success is first and foremost competing against themselves. And for me the idea that I could always do better, learn more, learn faster, is something that came from skating. But I carried that with me for the rest of my life.
Once a wise individual said, I don't play pyrotechnic scales. I play about frustration, patience, anger. Music is an extension of my soul.
Once a wise individual said, I hope that my investment into Atomico will become my best financial investment to date.
Once a wise individual said, When trust improves, the mood improves.
Once a wise individual said, One unerring mark of the love of truth is not entertaining any proposition with greater assurance than the proofs it is built upon will warrant.
Once a wise individual said, The travel writer seeks the world we have lost - the lost valleys of the imagination.
Once a wise individual said, I found marriage somewhat stifling. I don't know that I am the kind of man who ought to be married.
Once a wise individual said, We look forward to the time when the Power of Love will replace the Love of Power. Then will our world know the blessings of peace.
Once a wise individual said, Whether one agrees or disagrees with the tactics of the Occupy Wall Street movement, it's easy to understand the inspiration for its anger as well as its impatience.
Once a wise individual said, All that I know I learned after I was thirty.
Once a wise individual said, You know, Stephen says, in the movies no one ever goes to the bathroom. They shave, they brush their teeth. He goes right at this sort of funny taboo we have about the bathroom, and he turned it into this nightmare, you know, your worst fear of what's in there.
Once a wise individual said, That science has long been neglected and declining in England, is not an opinion originating with me, but is shared by many, and has been expressed by higher authority than mine.
Once a wise individual said, And if we must educate our poets and artists in science, we must educate our masters, labour and capital, in art.
Once a wise individual said, On stage, I make love to 25,000 different people, then I go home alone.
Once a wise individual said, I always had a really natural faith as a kid. Where I knew God existed and it felt very free and pretty wild and natural, and it wasn't religious.
Once a wise individual said, Never ever discount the idea of marriage. Sure, someone might tell you that marriage is just a piece of paper. Well, so is money, and what's more life-affirming than cold, hard cash?
Once a wise individual said, I'm noticing a new approach to art making in recent museum and gallery shows. It flickered into focus at the New Museum's 'Younger Than Jesus' last year and ran through the Whitney Biennial, and I'm seeing it blossom and bear fruit at 'Greater New York,' MoMA P.S. 1's twice-a-decade extravaganza of emerging local talent.
Once a wise individual said, Because I have work to care about, it is possible that I may be less difficult to get along with than other women when the double chins start to form.
Once a wise individual said, You know you're getting old when you get that one candle on the cake. It's like, 'See if you can blow this out.'
Once a wise individual said, Religion which requires persecution to sustain, it is of the devil's propagation.
Once a wise individual said, When I get in the car I love my wife and kids more than anything, but I'm not thinking about that side of things. I'm thinking about the car, I'm thinking about the race and I'm thinking about how to make the car faster.
Once a wise individual said, Healthy people are those who live in healthy homes on a healthy diet in an environment equally fit for birth, growth work, healing, and dying... Healthy people need no bureaucratic interference to mate, give birth, share the human condition and die.
Once a wise individual said, Odd how the creative power at once brings the whole universe to order.
Once a wise individual said, Being busy does not always mean real work. The object of all work is production or accomplishment and to either of these ends there must be forethought, system, planning, intelligence, and honest purpose, as well as perspiration. Seeming to do is not doing.
Once a wise individual said, We did it Disneyland, in the knowledge that most of the people I talked to thought it would be a financial disaster - closed and forgotten within the first year.
Once a wise individual said, I know people will think it's funny because I've done glamour modelling in the past, but I felt embarrassed about my body and just wanted to cover it up.
Once a wise individual said, It is the creative potential itself in human beings that is the image of God.
Once a wise individual said, The rate of interest acts as a link between income-value and capital-value.
Once a wise individual said, It's not that I don't believe in miracles, but I never quite trust that they're real.
Once a wise individual said, I'm famous today. People like me today. Might not like me tomorrow. You can't count on it.
Once a wise individual said, The freedom to fail is vital if you're going to succeed. Most successful people fail from time to time, and it is a measure of their strength that failure merely propels them into some new attempt at success.
Once a wise individual said, A propensity to hope and joy is real riches one to fear and sorrow real poverty.
Once a wise individual said, Narrative art, the novel, from Murasaki to Proust, has produced great works of poetry.
Once a wise individual said, Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.
Once a wise individual said, Architecture is not an inspirational business, it's a rational procedure to do sensible and hopefully beautiful things that's all.
Once a wise individual said, In a repressive society, a writer can be deeply influential, but in a society that's filled with glut and repetition and endless consumption, the act of terror may be the only meaningful act.
Once a wise individual said, Rather than saying, 'My checking account is a wreck,' change it to 'I will learn how to track my spending and balance my checkbook.'
Once a wise individual said, This crisis exposed very significant problems in the financial systems of the United States and some other major economies. Innovation got too far out in front of the knowledge of risk.
Once a wise individual said, One mustn't ask apple trees for oranges, France for sun, women for love, life for happiness.
Once a wise individual said, As a culture I see us as presently deprived of subtleties. The music is loud, the anger is elevated, sex seems lacking in sweetness and privacy.
Once a wise individual said, All human laws are, properly speaking, only declaratory they have no power over the substance of original justice.
Once a wise individual said, I was home-schooled. But going to high school, I never would've been able to travel the U.S. or been able to do acting.
Once a wise individual said, I believe that it is irresponsible, it is basically part of the crisis of leadership in D.C. to not look at Social Security and understand that there has got to be a solution posed. We've got to take a look at it and make sure that we create a solution so our seniors aren't left out in the cold.
Once a wise individual said, Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
Once a wise individual said, We really haven't had very much experience with people funding their retirement out of the stock market, and we don't know, frankly, how it would work under every scenario.
Once a wise individual said, My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy if not, you'll become a philosopher.
Once a wise individual said, Whoever incites anger has a strong insurance against indifference.
Once a wise individual said, Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life.
Once a wise individual said, Courage, not compromise, brings the smile of God's approval.
Once a wise individual said, If you don't do your part, don't blame God.
Once a wise individual said, Man, after all my grandma put into me learning the piano, that was a hard day, telling her I was telling jokes for a living.
Once a wise individual said, I do not like being famous. I like being normal.
Once a wise individual said, Beauty is as relative as light and dark. Thus, there exists no beautiful woman, none at all, because you are never certain that a still far more beautiful woman will not appear and completely shame the supposed beauty of the first.
Once a wise individual said, No event in American history is more misunderstood than the Vietnam War. It was misreported then, and it is misremembered now.
Once a wise individual said, My mom taught me to go after my dreams. I have this faith in myself that I must have gotten from her.
Once a wise individual said, Every man, through fear, mugs his aspirations a dozen times a day.
Once a wise individual said, I'm into all that sappy stuff - a surprise picnic, nice dinner, or traveling. I'm kind of an old romantic.
Once a wise individual said, I think the part of media that romanticizes criminal behavior, things that a person will say against women, profanity, being gangster, having multiple children with multiple men and women and not wanting to is prevalent. When you look at the majority of shows on television they placate that kind of behavior.
Once a wise individual said, Venice is like eating an entire box of chocolate liqueurs in one go.
Once a wise individual said, If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in 5 years there'd be a shortage of sand.
Once a wise individual said, The absolute transformation of everything that we ever thought about music will take place within 10 years, and nothing is going to be able to stop it. I see absolutely no point in pretending that it's not going to happen. I'm fully confident that copyright, for instance, will no longer exist in 10 years.
Once a wise individual said, Our marriage is between us. If we decide to continue being together or not, it's our business.
Once a wise individual said, Designing a house is like doing a movie: Once you're done, you want to say, 'I hope you all enjoy it.'
Once a wise individual said, Failure is impossible.
Once a wise individual said, Success is never final, but failure can be.
Once a wise individual said, Music is a part of my life all the time - on the plane, before matches, driving out to the court.
Once a wise individual said, Even in the centuries which appear to us to be the most monstrous and foolish, the immortal appetite for beauty has always found satisfaction.
Once a wise individual said, America has believed that in differentiation, not in uniformity, lies the path of progress. It acted on this belief it has advanced human happiness, and it has prospered.
Once a wise individual said, Film music should have the same relationship to the film drama that somebody's piano playing in my living room has on the book I am reading.
Once a wise individual said, Film in the 20th century, it's the American art form, like jazz.
Once a wise individual said, Rich men's houses are seldom beautiful, rarely comfortable, and never original. It is a constant source of surprise to people of moderate means to observe how little a big fortune contributes to Beauty.
Once a wise individual said, Spending when the math's not there and the numbers aren't there and if they look in the social security trust fund, it's filled with IOUs because the government's been pilfering it for years on end. We have to do something. We have to start having this discussion.
Once a wise individual said, Politics is not predictions and politics is not observations. Politics is what we do. Politics is what we do, politics is what we create, by what we work for, by what we hope for and what we dare to imagine.
Once a wise individual said, My wife Elizabeth and I started The Really Terrible Orchestra for people like us who are pretty hopeless musicians who would like to play in an orchestra. It has been a great success. We give performances we've become the most famous bad orchestra in the world.
Once a wise individual said, I wear my wedding ring. We talk about when we're going to get married again, which we hope is going to take place some time in this incredibly hectic calendar year.
Once a wise individual said, In any case, in so far as our knowledge of the universe carries us, the advent of civilization for the first time on our globe represents the highest ascent of the life processes to which evolution had anywhere attained.
Once a wise individual said, Getting into music has changed my personality and way of doing things. I'm far more open now.
Once a wise individual said, Inauthenticity is endemic in American politics today. The political backrooms where I spent much of my career were just as benighted as my personal life, equally crowded with shadowy strangers and compromises, truths I hoped to deny. I lived not in one closet but in many.
Once a wise individual said, Men who consistently leave the toilet seat up secretly want women to get up to go the bathroom in the middle of the night and fall in.
Once a wise individual said, Just in terms of allocation of time resources, religion is not very efficient. There's a lot more I could be doing on a Sunday morning.
Once a wise individual said, The first year or so on The Daily Show is pretty intense in terms of travel. You're going to the worst places in the country, talking to the craziest people in the world.
Once a wise individual said, He who has faith has... an inward reservoir of courage, hope, confidence, calmness, and assuring trust that all will come out well - even though to the world it may appear to come out most badly.
Once a wise individual said, There are times, like after a long day of work, when the thought of an easy drive-through is enticing. But then I remember how crappy I felt when I ate fast food in the past, and it inspires me to head to the grocery store or my local farmer's market and whip up an easy but healthier option.
Once a wise individual said, It was seldom that I attended any religious meetings, as my parents had not much faith in and were never so unfortunate as to unite themselves with any of the religious sects.
Once a wise individual said, Active Evil is better than Passive Good.
Once a wise individual said, When first starting to work with someone you try to get them in the same mindset that you were in when you were successful, and I realized the best thing you can ever do is realize that they are not you. They have a different persona and mindset, and you have to figure out what works best within your communication with that athlete.
Once a wise individual said, Film is an illusion. Fame is ephemeral. Faith and family are what endure.
Once a wise individual said, Television is where the best work for women is right now. I would love to do more movies, but the reality is women have many more opportunities on television to play a greater variety of characters.
Once a wise individual said, I can write pretty much anywhere if you give me time and some quiet. The home is not usually the best place because I have four children. It's usually pandemonium around here!
Once a wise individual said, First thing every morning before you arise say out loud, 'I believe,' three times.
Once a wise individual said, My marriage to my husband, Bart Conner in 1996 is my proudest personal moment.
Once a wise individual said, But my mom was a pianist, and she taught piano out of her house. I was just so excited, being a little kid and having all these other kids come to my house twice a week. I thought it was a big party.
Once a wise individual said, Only after I faced the unhappiness of my first marriage did I start on the path of personal growth.
Once a wise individual said, Some people think technology has the answers.
Once a wise individual said, The bookful blockhead, ignorantly read With loads of learned lumber in his head.
Once a wise individual said, France is a place where the money falls apart in your hands but you can't tear the toilet paper.
Once a wise individual said, I hope to be an actor and never retire.
Once a wise individual said, If you think you have it tough, read history books.
Once a wise individual said, Having lots of siblings is like having built-in best friends.
Once a wise individual said, I spent a lot of my life holding back my cries, and I want to change that because it's not good for me.
Once a wise individual said, I've learned from experience that if you work harder at it, and apply more energy and time to it, and more consistency, you get a better result. It comes from the work.
Once a wise individual said, God had brought me to my knees and made me acknowledge my own nothingness, and out of that knowledge I had been reborn. I was no longer the centre of my life and therefore I could see God in everything.
Once a wise individual said, Gay writers now have both a sense of history and the fables that allows them to dwell in the realms of the ridiculous and at the same time talk seriously about things.
Once a wise individual said, All of the women on The Apprentice flirted with me - consciously or unconsciously. That's to be expected.
Once a wise individual said, Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind.
Once a wise individual said, I appreciate and enjoy my age.
Once a wise individual said, When you gain 50 pounds during pregnancy like I did, you fear that you'll never get back in shape.
Once a wise individual said, For families across the UK who are income-poor, but more than that, whose lives are blighted by worklessness, educational failure, family breakdown, problem debt and poor health, as well as other problems, giving them an extra pound - say through increased benefits - will not address the reason they find themselves in difficulty in the first place.
Once a wise individual said, We're not trying to change the world just music.
Once a wise individual said, There is something at work that's bigger than us. It's about having a trust in life and being at peace that things are happening the way they should. You do what you do as well as you can do it, and then you don't worry or agonize about the outcome.
Once a wise individual said, I do not want to speak about overpopulation or birth control, but I think education is the way to give new impetus to the poverty question.
Once a wise individual said, For as the eyes of bats are to the blaze of day, so is the reason in our soul to the things which are by nature most evident of all.
Once a wise individual said, I love the work, I love being in front of the camera and working with actors and directors and creating something. For me, it's like learning everyday.
Once a wise individual said, Staying married may have long-term benefits. You can elicit much more sympathy from friends over a bad marriage than you ever can from a good divorce.
Once a wise individual said, When I was little, we had a Golden Book that had all these Disney characters in one portrait on the first page. My dad used to read from it every night. We'd play this game of find Pluto or find Donald Duck. He'd read us stories and do all the voices. Those are great memories.
Once a wise individual said, Acting is a question of absorbing other people's personalities and adding some of your own experience.
Once a wise individual said, Personality is the most important thing to an actress's success.
Once a wise individual said, Unless a reviewer has the courage to give you unqualified praise, I say ignore the bastard.
Once a wise individual said, Knowledge about life is one thing effective occupation of a place in life, with its dynamic currents passing through your being, is another.
Once a wise individual said, People intoxicate themselves with work so they won't see how they really are.
Once a wise individual said, The marvel of all history is the patience with which men and women submit to burdens unnecessarily laid upon them by their governments.
Once a wise individual said, I am accusing him of stealing my best material, he was a very funny man.
Once a wise individual said, There's obviously nothing wrong with selling your art - only an idiot with a trust fund would tell you otherwise. But it's confusing to know how far you should take it.
Once a wise individual said, All this fashion stuff - who's cool now - is just a bigger version of the cool kids versus the nerds.
Once a wise individual said, The world's most famous and popular language is music.
Once a wise individual said, And this, our life, exempt from public haunt, finds tongues in trees, books in the running brooks, sermons in stones, and good in everything.
Once a wise individual said, Ronald Reagan's well documented final battles with Alzheimer's disease were fought with the same conviction and courage that his many public battles were fought.
Once a wise individual said, In order to effect great change, we need to look at how we can help those in our own communities as well as globally.
Once a wise individual said, If we were all determined to play the first violin we should never have an ensemble. therefore, respect every musician in his proper place.
Once a wise individual said, Some songs you get. Some songs you may not. And I think that's the beauty of art: to question and to ask, to understand the deeper meaning after two or three or four listenings.
Once a wise individual said, So when I was 13, I basically left home and never returned and lived at home again. I would come home for a week at Christmas and two weeks in the summer only.
Once a wise individual said, As a child I was very involved with sports and I knew at age 9 that I wanted to be an Olympic champion.
Once a wise individual said, We are nearer loving those who hate us than those who love us more than we wish.
Once a wise individual said, Do not pray for tasks equal to your powers. Pray for powers equal to your tasks.
Once a wise individual said, But with the steady disintegration of the family in modern society over the last century, the role of the school in bridging the gap has become vital!
Once a wise individual said, I have taken this step because I want the discipline, the fire and the authority of the Church. I am hopelessly unworthy of it, but I hope to become worthy.
Once a wise individual said, They got married, they got divorced, and half their money goes out the window.
Once a wise individual said, If you want to know the taste of a pear, you must change the pear by eating it yourself. If you want to know the theory and methods of revolution, you must take part in revolution. All genuine knowledge originates in direct experience.
Once a wise individual said, Taxation is the price we pay for failing to build a civilized society. The higher the tax level, the greater the failure. A centrally planned totalitarian state represents a complete defeat for the civilized world, while a totally voluntary society represents its ultimate success.
Once a wise individual said, I'm one of the slowest drivers on the road. I mosey along. If you're doing anything too fast, including living life too fast, that creates sudden death. If I have to be somewhere on time, I make sure I leave early enough.
Once a wise individual said, There has to be chemistry in a duet, but if you go beyond the point of friendship and attraction, you lose something.
Once a wise individual said, Science investigates religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power religion gives man wisdom which is control.
Once a wise individual said, If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business.
Once a wise individual said, America's doctors, nurses and medical researchers are the best in the world, but our health care system is broken.
Once a wise individual said, I think you can have moderate success by copying something else, but if you really want to knock it out of the park, you have to do something different and take chances.
Once a wise individual said, Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them.
Once a wise individual said, Personally, I think four is the perfect number of children for our particular family. Four is enough to create the frenzied cacophony that my husband and I find so joyful.
Once a wise individual said, I've rarely kept my distance from kind of - I don't know if we can call it politics, but kind of, civic engagement and that kind of thing, except I tended to think, 'Well, do it yourself before you start telling other people what they should be doing.'
Once a wise individual said, I suppose that every time there is difficulty. I remember about Space Mountain: It took us ten years before we found the technology that would allow such a ride. And during these ten years, I had a model that I kept, waiting for the technology we needed.
Once a wise individual said, Why shouldn't rap be esoteric, able to take in current events, history and criticism? I guess it's this old idea of containment - that rappers, because they're black, can't and shouldn't aspire to look outside the ghetto for influence.
Once a wise individual said, It felt like the first thing, but when I first started out, I got a job adapting a book by Russell Banks called 'Rule Of The Bone.' I didn't do a very good job. I didn't really know what I was doing in general, let alone how to adapt a book.
Once a wise individual said, In chess one cannot control everything. Sometimes a game takes an unexpected turn, in which beauty begins to emerge. Both players are always instrumental in this.
Once a wise individual said, The financial costs of family breakdown are incredibly high.
Once a wise individual said, Everyone can identify with a fragrant garden, with beauty of sunset, with the quiet of nature, with a warm and cozy cottage.
Once a wise individual said, If we had 3 million exhibitionists and only one voyeur, nobody could make any money.
Once a wise individual said, Don't forget what I discovered that over ninety percent of all national deficits from 1921 to 1939 were caused by payments for past, present, and future wars.
Once a wise individual said, The immortality of the soul is a matter which is of so great consequence to us and which touches us so profoundly that we must have lost all feeling to be indifferent about it.
Once a wise individual said, The purpose of thinking about the future is not to predict it but to raise people's hopes.
Once a wise individual said, A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
Once a wise individual said, You know, the man of my dreams might walk round the corner tomorrow. I'm older and wiser and I think I'd make a great girlfriend. I live in the realm of romantic possibility.
Once a wise individual said, My face has changed with the years and has enough history in it to give audiences something to work with.
Once a wise individual said, Any man may be in good spirits and good temper when he's well dressed. There ain't much credit in that.
Once a wise individual said, Generosity during life is a very different thing from generosity in the hour of death one proceeds from genuine liberality and benevolence, the other from pride or fear.
Once a wise individual said, Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.
Once a wise individual said, There is nothing more requisite in business than despatch.
Once a wise individual said, Right now, we have the most complex relationship with technology that we've ever had. Your regular person has more technology in their life now than the whole world had 100 years ago.
Once a wise individual said, You know, my dad served in the President's Cabinet after his time as a governor. He told me he enjoyed being governor a lot more. Now, I understand why. If I do my job well, I can make a difference in people's lives and I can help our children realize their dreams.
Once a wise individual said, I wrote the song For A Dancer for a friend of mine who died in a fire. He was in the sauna in a house that burned down, so he had no idea anything was going on. It was very sad.
Once a wise individual said, Let me be a free man - free to travel, free to stop, free to work.
Once a wise individual said, The most dangerous criminal now is the entirely lawless modern philosopher. Compared to him, burglars and bigamists are essentially moral men.
Once a wise individual said, Take care to sell your horse before he dies. The art of life is passing losses on.
Once a wise individual said, My one thing is I continue to be interested and want to be a student. I don't want to be a master. When I'm learning something, I'm in my element.
Once a wise individual said, Money is the worst currency that ever grew among mankind. This sacks cities, this drives men from their homes, this teaches and corrupts the worthiest minds to turn base deeds.
Once a wise individual said, A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
Once a wise individual said, No group and no government can properly prescribe precisely what should constitute the body of knowledge with which true education is concerned.
Once a wise individual said, Where would you be without friends? The people to pick you up when you need lifting? We come from homes far from perfect, so you end up almost parent and sibling to your friends - your own chosen family. There's nothing like a really loyal, dependable, good friend. Nothing.
Once a wise individual said, There's no money in poetry, but then there's no poetry in money, either.
Once a wise individual said, Well, I am now convinced there is no kind of fear or anxiety anyone has to live with.
Once a wise individual said, Obsessed by a fairy tale, we spend our lives searching for a magic door and a lost kingdom of peace.
Once a wise individual said, The body is an amazing machine... If you eat the right things your body will perform incredibly well!
Once a wise individual said, My mother, whom I love dearly, has continually revised my life story within the context of a complicated family history that includes more than the usual share of divorce, step-children, dysfunction, and obfuscation. I've spent most of my adult life attempting to deconstruct that history and separate fact from fiction.
Once a wise individual said, I always said punk was an attitude. It was never about having a Mohican haircut or wearing a ripped T-shirt. It was all about destruction, and the creative potential within that.
Once a wise individual said, A hypocrite despises those whom he deceives, but has no respect for himself. He would make a dupe of himself too, if he could.
Once a wise individual said, The family is the school of duties - founded on love.
Once a wise individual said, We are not really privy to all that crazy stuff that goes on in the show. I go to work, eat, and talk about food. The wild things happen when we aren't around. I expected Top Chef to last three or four seasons and we are now shooting season ten.
Once a wise individual said, Just put down 9/11... I think, on most things I'm liberal, except on defending ourselves and keeping half the money. Those things I'm kind of conservative on.
Once a wise individual said, My greatest desire is that the hope that has overcome fear in my country will help vanquish it around the world.
Once a wise individual said, People are learning to feel more comfortable hearing one another's dreams. It used to be that if you told a dream in public, someone had to make a joke to relieve the tension introduced by that alternative reality.
Once a wise individual said, The thing about drugs and sex is that you lose all your inhibitions. I've had sex in trains, planes, wine bars... and quite a few car parks!
Once a wise individual said, And I love Mel Brooks. My Dad loved his movies, too, they're awesome, the kind of thing that if you're in for ten minutes, you're in for two hours.
Once a wise individual said, Movies such as 'Mr. Smith Goes to Washington' in 1939 to 'Dave' in 1993 portray Washington leaders as the ultimate Everymen - decent people just like you and me, only thrust onto greatness.
Once a wise individual said, A retired teacher paid $62,000 towards her pension and nothing, yes nothing, for full family medical, dental and vision coverage over her entire career. What will we pay her? $1.4 million in pension benefits and another $215,000 in health care benefit premiums over her lifetime.
Once a wise individual said, When men hear women want a commitment, they think it means commitment to a romantic relationship, but that's not it. It's a commitment to not floating around anymore. I want a guy who is entrenched in his own life. Entrenched is awesome.
Once a wise individual said, Growing up I always shopped at Victoria's Secret with my mom and saw Angels like Gisele and Karolina Kurkova in the windows.
Once a wise individual said, Technology makes the world a new place.
Once a wise individual said, The fear of death often proves mortal, and sets people on methods to save their Lives, which infallibly destroy them.
Once a wise individual said, The whole world loves American movies, blue jeans, jazz and rock and roll. It is probably a better way to get to know our country than by what politicians or airline commercials represent.
Once a wise individual said, In reality, serendipity accounts for one percent of the blessings we receive in life, work and love. The other 99 percent is due to our efforts.
Once a wise individual said, As a younger actor you want to be approved of, you want to gain respect, be admired. All of those things. To say: 'This is me playing this character. And aren't I fantastic!' I don't feel that so much now.
Once a wise individual said, Next time I tell you someone from Texas should not be president of the United States, please pay attention.
Once a wise individual said, I made a supreme effort not to do that thing that parents do, which is to bore people without children to death by going on and on about how funny their children are, so there's none of that hopefully.
Once a wise individual said, I was always at peace because of the way my mom treated me.
Once a wise individual said, President Obama is the most successful food stamp president in American history. I would like to be the most successful paycheck president in American history.
Once a wise individual said, In Nicaragua, liberty, equality and the rule of law were the stuff of dreams. But in Paris I discovered the value of those words.
Once a wise individual said, What saddens me is the corruption of youth and beauty, and the loss of soul, which is only replaced by money.
Once a wise individual said, When did the future switch from being a promise to a threat?
Once a wise individual said, I think what's fascinating is how many people are playing in politics who maybe haven't played before.
Once a wise individual said, I shall never believe that God plays dice with the world.
Once a wise individual said, The thing I love most about going on vacation is that I get to leave behind any kind of schedule. My entire life is scheduled from morning to night, and when I'm on vacation, there is no schedule.
Once a wise individual said, It often takes more courage to change one's opinion than to keep it.
Once a wise individual said, There's no love more intense than the love we have for our kids - and where there is intense love, there is also intense fear lurking beneath the surface.
Once a wise individual said, It's communication - that's what theatre is all about.
Once a wise individual said, People feel that the EU is a one-way process, a great machine that sucks up decision-making from national parliaments to the European level until everything is decided by the EU. That needs to change.
Once a wise individual said, Competence, like truth, beauty, and contact lenses, is in the eye of the beholder.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is an echo, asking a shadow to dance.
Once a wise individual said, In art the best is good enough.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of people do not muster the courage to live their dreams because they are afraid to die.
Once a wise individual said, We are not just here to manage capitalism but to change society and to define its finer values.
Once a wise individual said, Parents have become so convinced that educators know what is best for their children that they forget that they themselves are really the experts.
Once a wise individual said, Memorial Day this year is especially important as we are reminded almost daily of the great sacrifices that the men and women of the Armed Services make to defend our way of life.
Once a wise individual said, I not only wanted to showcase lyrical skills but also continue to drop knowledge on the hiphop community. I'm looking to elevate through my music, and through my music I educate.
Once a wise individual said, So a more sensible thing it seemed to me was to go to Silicon Valley and be pushing on the technology companies to accelerate the use of audio and music in computers.
Once a wise individual said, Low levels of vitamin D in the population as a whole suggest that most people need to take a vitamin D supplement. This may be especially true for seniors, as the ability to synthesize vitamin D in the skin declines with age.
Once a wise individual said, Liberalism is a really old British tradition and it has a completely different attitude towards the individual and the relationship between the individual and the state than the collectivist response of Labour, and particularly Old Labour, does.
Once a wise individual said, Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.
Once a wise individual said, If, then, knowledge be power, how much more power to we gain through the agency of faith, and what elevation must it give to human character.
Once a wise individual said, It would be a pity if, frustrated by the price of travel, we elected to become a society that never made contact, that never gave SETI a fair chance.
Once a wise individual said, Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't goin' away.
Once a wise individual said, Unity is strength... when there is teamwork and collaboration, wonderful things can be achieved.
Once a wise individual said, I was serious about ballet for a long time, but my mom got me into tap and jazz and modern and hip-hop, and I was one of those over-lessoned children.
Once a wise individual said, Don't let your special character and values, the secret that you know and no one else does, the truth - don't let that get swallowed up by the great chewing complacency.
Once a wise individual said, We didn't have a whole lot of money when I was growing up either. I would always ask for magic books or magic tricks for my birthday or for Christmas and the rest of the year I either had to mow lawns or find part time jobs to help supplement the cost of doing magic.
Once a wise individual said, I've just been learning how to direct my own videos, choreography, doing costumes... every creative opportunity there is with my music I've taken.
Once a wise individual said, Art is permitted to survive only if it renounces the right to be different, and integrates itself into the omnipotent realm of the profane.
Once a wise individual said, I have a huge breakfast every morning because I never know if I'll have time for lunch, especially during Fashion Week. It keeps my mood positive all day. And my parents taught me to have tons of fruit and vegetables, which I think helps my skin.
Once a wise individual said, All men by nature desire knowledge.
Once a wise individual said, The families of many athletes - incensed at the sports leagues and hoping to make games safer overall - are increasingly making the brains of players who die prematurely and suspiciously available for study. Some athletes are even making the bequest themselves.
Once a wise individual said, God has cared for these trees, saved them from drought, disease, avalanches, and a thousand tempests and floods. But he cannot save them from fools.
Once a wise individual said, Growing up, I wanted desperately to please, to be a good girl.
Once a wise individual said, I think my father would have liked to have been an artist, actually. But I think he didn't quite have perhaps the drive or, I don't know, I mean he had a family to bring up I suppose.
Once a wise individual said, A man marries to have a home, but also because he doesn't want to be bothered with sex and all that sort of thing.
Once a wise individual said, While also, importantly, not wanting to dumb it down or pretend the days of 'difficult' poetry are over, because we live in a pluralist culture and there's room for 'difficult' poetry alongside rap and everything else. And poetry won't be for everyone, but everyone should have the choice.
Once a wise individual said, I'm one of five kids and we lived on a massive farm in New South Wales with my mum and dad.
Once a wise individual said, I don't like to work with assistants. I'm already one too many the camera alone would be enough.
Once a wise individual said, The blood jet is poetry and there is no stopping it.
Once a wise individual said, I don't know if anybody wants to mix their politics with their entertainment.
Once a wise individual said, I'm social and I meet people and talk to people but I'm not looking for the ideal person to fit my mold and to raise my family with yet. I'm just kind of doing my thing and learning from the people I'm around and who I cross paths with.
Once a wise individual said, Although our inattention can contribute to our lack of total well-being, we also have the power to choose positive behaviors and responses. In that choice we change our every experience of life!
Once a wise individual said, I make personal appearances around the country. I'm starting a book tour now, and I may be coming to Toronto with the Learning Annex, which I'm doing all through the United States, so that may come up just before Christmas.
Once a wise individual said, The past is really almost as much a work of the imagination as the future.
Once a wise individual said, The joys of friendship inert the heart and fizzy home bouncing jubilantly with laughter-buttered love.
Once a wise individual said, Excellence, then, is a state concerned with choice, lying in a mean, relative to us, this being determined by reason and in the way in which the man of practical wisdom would determine it.
Once a wise individual said, Government's role should be only to keep the playing field level, and to work hand in hand with business on issues such as employment. But beyond this, to as great an extent as possible, it should get the hell out of the way.
Once a wise individual said, If you die you're completely happy and your soul somewhere lives on. I'm not afraid of dying. Total peace after death, becoming someone else is the best hope I've got.
Once a wise individual said, I spent a lot of years just learning my craft and falling down in front of the camera.
Once a wise individual said, We will have to repent in this generation not merely for the vitriolic words and actions of the bad people, but for the appalling silence of the good people.
Once a wise individual said, I was a queen, and you took away my crown a wife, and you killed my husband a mother, and you deprived me of my children. My blood alone remains: take it, but do not make me suffer long.
Once a wise individual said, Money isn't the most important thing in life, but it's reasonably close to oxygen on the 'gotta have it' scale.
Once a wise individual said, Gay marriage won't be more of an issue 25 years from now than interracial marriage is today.
Once a wise individual said, Basically, there's not enough sex in movies, that's it. I'm trying to say it, people. I miss sex in movies because sex is natural, guns are not.
Once a wise individual said, Intel's still our main partner. We have not announced anything with AMD and don't have anything planned, but we're constantly being aware to make sure our customers get the best technology.
Once a wise individual said, Our limitations and success will be based, most often, on your own expectations for ourselves. What the mind dwells upon, the body acts upon.
Once a wise individual said, If you look at the opening of 'Private Ryan,' you are so in the point of view of those guys and there is a whole world swirling all around them. You are learning that geography as they are learning it.
Once a wise individual said, Time is a beautiful thing. It's like when you meet an old lover on the street six years later and they don't look so ugly anymore.
Once a wise individual said, The warrior may fight for gold or for an immediate gain, or for something to take home for the winter to feed the family. The soldier is part of a more complex society. He's fighting for a group ethic of some sort.
Once a wise individual said, My two secrets to staying healthy: wash your hands all the time. And, if you can't, use Purell or one of the sanitizers. And the other is hot peppers. I eat a lot of hot peppers. I for some reason started doing that in 1992, and I swear by it.
Once a wise individual said, I went looking for dresses and realized there was a niche I could fill in the wedding dress market.
Once a wise individual said, I definitely look up to Meryl Streep because she's been in so many amazing movies, and I just think that she's one of the greatest actresses out there. I also look up to Jennifer Lawrence, especially knowing her and knowing that she is so awesome and so nice.
Once a wise individual said, Only God Himself fully appreciates the influence of a Christian mother in the molding of character in her children.
Once a wise individual said, People's view of cancer will change when they have their own relationship with cancer, which everyone will, at some point.
Once a wise individual said, Smoking kills. If you're killed, you've lost a very important part of your life.
Once a wise individual said, Another essential to a universal and durable peace is social justice.
Once a wise individual said, For strange effects and extraordinary combinations we must go to life itself, which is always far more daring than any effort of the imagination.
Once a wise individual said, I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day.
Once a wise individual said, The Middle East is ailing. The malady stems from pervasive violence, shortages of food, water and educational opportunities, discrimination against women and - the most virulent cause of all - the absence of freedom.
Once a wise individual said, Look, Congress has allocated more money to finance the upcoming Iraqi elections than it has for the American elections. There's something wrong with that.
Once a wise individual said, The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future in life.
Once a wise individual said, You'll be dedicated and that's what you should want to be in anything in life - whether it's sports or academics or your relationship. It all stems from finding that fun, that thrill, that excitement.
Once a wise individual said, You travel with the hope that something unexpected will happen. It has to do with enjoying being lost and figuring it out and the satisfaction. I always get a little disappointed when I know too well where I'm going, or when I've lived in a place so long that there's no chance I could possibly get lost.
Once a wise individual said, Education is a weapon whose effects depend on who holds it in his hands and at whom it is aimed.
Once a wise individual said, A rare experience of a moment at daybreak, when something in nature seems to reveal all consciousness, cannot be explained at noon. Yet it is part of the day's unity.
Once a wise individual said, I am deeply concerned that, without peace and a two-state solution, the Jewish and democratic nature of Israel is in danger. That's why I have opposed Israel's settlement policy since 1973, and that's why I have favored a two-state solution since 1967.
Once a wise individual said, Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful.
Once a wise individual said, Never does nature say one thing and wisdom another.
Once a wise individual said, Simply by not owning three medium-sized castles in Tuscany I have saved enough money in the last forty years on insurance premiums alone to buy a medium-sized castle in Tuscany.
Once a wise individual said, So, we come out to Los Angeles. And we met with every network. We met with show runners, directors, writers, everything. And what we had an idea for, they didn't like. And what they had an idea for, we didn't like. So, we went home.
Once a wise individual said, Honesty is the best policy.
Once a wise individual said, I met Gemma, my wife, when she was 12. She had a schoolgirl crush on me and her dad had arranged for her to meet me. Later, she started coming to my concerts, but I only got to know her well after her mother died. I rang to see how she was, and that's how it started.
Once a wise individual said, I have frequently been questioned, especially by women, of how I could reconcile family life with a scientific career. Well, it has not been easy.
Once a wise individual said, The common question that gets asked in business is, 'why?' That's a good question, but an equally valid question is, 'why not?'
Once a wise individual said, Before the boat docked, however, he confessed because he was contemplating running for president, he couldn't separate from his wife. I believed him when he told me he faced a difficult choice between pursuing personal happiness and his political destiny.
Once a wise individual said, There is a role and function for beauty in our time.
Once a wise individual said, I could start a war in 30 seconds. But some countries spend 100 years trying to find peace. Just like good manners, peace has to be learned.
Once a wise individual said, I think the idea that you can go this alone is - was a huge mistake. And unfortunately, there was a price paid in terms of suffering and pain for people in New Orleans.
Once a wise individual said, We made happy sounds because we were upset... just trying to make a positive situation out of a negative one.
Once a wise individual said, There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child.
Once a wise individual said, The future is like heaven, everyone exalts it, but no one wants to go there now.
Once a wise individual said, Such security is equal liberty. But it is not necessarily equality in the use of the earth.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a big advocate of financial intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, I owe much to mother. She had an expert's understanding, but also approached art emotionally.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a hopeless romantic, and very much the person in a relationship to go: If things are going well, I'll buy the flowers, remember the dates of things, plan fun nights out.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not the guy to ask about politics. I'm a gag writer.
Once a wise individual said, It's interesting - I always thought when I was doing more melodramatic stuff like 'Everwood' that the directors were constantly reeling me in and stopping me from being funny.
Once a wise individual said, I grew up in a very religious family. I could read the Qu'ran easily at the age of five.
Once a wise individual said, My imagination makes me human and makes me a fool it gives me all the world, and exiles me from it.
Once a wise individual said, Women are so unforgiving of themselves. We don't recognize our own beauty because we're too busy comparing ourselves to other people.
Once a wise individual said, I had been impressed by the fact that biological systems were based on molecular machines and that we were learning to design and build these sorts of things.
Once a wise individual said, I've purged myself of bitterness and anger and remained open to love.
Once a wise individual said, Death would not be called bad, O people, if one knew how to truly die.
Once a wise individual said, I am blessed to have so many great things in my life - family, friends and God. All will be in my thoughts daily.
Once a wise individual said, Whenever men take the law into their own hands, the loser is the law. And when the law loses, freedom languishes.
Once a wise individual said, A schedule defends from chaos and whim. It is a net for catching days. It is a scaffolding on which a worker can stand and labor with both hands at sections of time.
Once a wise individual said, Diligent as one must be in learning, one must be as diligent in forgetting otherwise the process is one of pedantry, not culture.
Once a wise individual said, I want to say a simple thing, that the dividing line exists not between Jordan and Israel, but between the proponents of peace and the opponents of peace.
Once a wise individual said, There is no tragedy in missing a putt, no matter how short. All have erred in this respect.
Once a wise individual said, I learned a lot from that first record and I learned a lot from my experiences touring, but really the biggest education I got over the past two years was learning the importance of arrangements.
Once a wise individual said, I mean, Sting is one of my great buddies and I love him to death.
Once a wise individual said, It is extraordinary that when you are acquainted with a whole family you can forget about them.
Once a wise individual said, The more equality women have, the fairer, more civilized and tolerant society will be. Sexual equality is a lot more effective against terrorism than military strength.
Once a wise individual said, Baseball was, is and always will be to me the best game in the world.
Once a wise individual said, At least I have the modesty to admit that lack of modesty is one of my failings.
Once a wise individual said, Yes, we have the freedom to do what we please, but it only works because we don't do everything we might please - we should exercise some degree of personal, and corporate, responsibility.
Once a wise individual said, Progress is measured by the degree of differentiation within a society.
Once a wise individual said, One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
Once a wise individual said, I do resent that when you're in the most cool, powerful time of your life, which is your 40s, you're put out to pasture. I think women are so much cooler when they're older. So it's a drag that we're not allowed to age.
Once a wise individual said, Teaching is the royal road to learning.
Once a wise individual said, When I realized I was having trouble reading, I was too embarrassed to ask for help. Some teachers believed in me, but I just wasn't focused on school - I was into the music and trying to please my dad.
Once a wise individual said, You don't have to be rich and famous. You just have to be an ordinary person, doing extraordinary things. I'd like more people to know that it's there. Women's achievements still aren't recognised enough in many areas.
Once a wise individual said, All the evidence shows very clearly that if you are a member of a trade union you are likely to get better pay, more equal pay, better health and safety, more chance to get training, more chance to have conditions of work that help if you have caring responsibilities... the list goes on!
Once a wise individual said, And I believe that the best buy in public health today must be a combination of regular physical exercise and a healthy diet.
Once a wise individual said, None of us had any idea of how successful Downton was going to be. I thought I was signing up for another period drama that had a slightly modern feel. It had a freedom about it because it was coming out of the head of Julian Fellowes. Anything could happen and generally did.
Once a wise individual said, More helpful than all wisdom is one draught of simple human pity that will not forsake us.
Once a wise individual said, Mental health needs a great deal of attention. It's the final taboo and it needs to be faced and dealt with.
Once a wise individual said, I think having children is the most amazing thing.
Once a wise individual said, Mormons... are so strong, they can handle wealth, they are confident. I think it is because they are not bogged down by rules for equality, but have a firmly defined system of relative status and responsible command.
Once a wise individual said, It is a full time job being honest one moment at a time, remembering to love, to honor, to respect. It is a practice, a discipline, worthy of every moment.
Once a wise individual said, I always wanted to work with Michael Jackson. His music will live forever and with technology nowadays... maybe I could.
Once a wise individual said, There's been a lot of really cool stuff that's happened to me throughout my career, and I remember everything, but I don't think I savored every moment of it like I should have or like I do now.
Once a wise individual said, Worry is a useless mulling over of things we cannot change.
Once a wise individual said, High-quality food is better for your health.
Once a wise individual said, A liberal is a man or a woman or a child who looks forward to a better day, a more tranquil night, and a bright, infinite future.
Once a wise individual said, When I graduated from high school, the teacher said I was throwing my life away following music, and the same teacher invited me back to speak at the school. I don't say that to brag, I just want to be an example.
Once a wise individual said, I find it incredibly romantic that people should fight for a cause they believe in and be prepared to die for it.
Once a wise individual said, The Dove, on silver pinions, winged her peaceful way.
Once a wise individual said, Downtown, one has less time. But there are in Europe much people who have the faith, in South America, too.
Once a wise individual said, Well, I think that there's a very thin dividing line between success and failure. And I think if you start a business without financial backing, you're likely to go the wrong side of that dividing line.
Once a wise individual said, I've never followed a vegan or vegetarian diet in the past, but I think I could do it. It would not be easy. I have worked with nutritionists who have said a vegan diet is not necessarily all positive for your health, because you need nutrients you only find in meats. I believe in a balanced diet.
Once a wise individual said, You don't have to have an attitude if you're famous.
Once a wise individual said, In an ecology of love, people can relate in trust and face the future without fear. They do not need to play it safe. They can take uncertainty in their stride.
Once a wise individual said, Do you want to be an artist and a writer, or a wife and a lover? With kids, your focus changes. I don't want to go to PTA meetings.
Once a wise individual said, I would as soon put a girl alone into a closet to meditate as give her only the society of her needle.
Once a wise individual said, My weight fluctuates depending on my mood and my current devotion to my fitness routine.
Once a wise individual said, Patriotism, when it wants to make itself felt in the domain of learning, is a dirty fellow who should be thrown out of doors.
Once a wise individual said, True courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow, that's what courage is.
Once a wise individual said, It's the most amazing cast, a dream cast. We laugh all the time.
Once a wise individual said, I had no idea of the character. But the moment I was dressed, the clothes and the make-up made me feel the person he was. I began to know him, and by the time I walked onto the stage he was fully born.
Once a wise individual said, In this situation I was constantly exposed to danger and death.
Once a wise individual said, Driving at high speed where safe and legal is part of my life. As well as a higher top speed I wanted even better stability in my FX and that meant work on the aerodynamics.
Once a wise individual said, It is not fitting, when one is in God's service, to have a gloomy face or a chilling look.
Once a wise individual said, From the gut comes the strut, and where hunger reigns, strength abstains.
Once a wise individual said, I must say I find television very educational. The minute somebody turns it on, I go to the library and read a good book.
Once a wise individual said, I'm talking to you and it's basically a direct communication, whereas if I'm writing a letter to you and you read the letter, there are like 12 extra deconstruction and reconstruction steps in the communication.
Once a wise individual said, Telling a teenager the facts of life is like giving a fish a bath.
Once a wise individual said, Faith is not belief without proof, but trust without reservation.
Once a wise individual said, And, obviously as a, as one who likes to travel around myself a lot, I think the Earth is a beautiful place. And, I'm looking forward to some new perspectives.
Once a wise individual said, I think that Phil Kaufman is one of the best directors that I have come across.
Once a wise individual said, The power of faith will often shine forth the most when the character is naturally weak.
Once a wise individual said, I've only been in love with a beer bottle and a mirror.
Once a wise individual said, A heart makes a good home for the friend.
Once a wise individual said, I never heard of an old man forgetting where he had buried his money! Old people remember what interests them: the dates fixed for their lawsuits, and the names of their debtors and creditors.
Once a wise individual said, The major civilizing force in the world is not religion, it is sex.
Once a wise individual said, It seems a fantastic paradox, but it is nevertheless a most important truth, that no architecture can be truly noble which is not imperfect.
Once a wise individual said, Truth can be stated in a thousand different ways, yet each one can be true.
Once a wise individual said, We need to make a greater investment in human intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, If we listened to our intellect, we'd never have a love affair. We'd never have a friendship. We'd never go into business, because we'd be cynical. Well, that's nonsense. You've got to jump off cliffs all the time and build your wings on the way down.
Once a wise individual said, If we desire respect for the law, we must first make the law respectable.
Once a wise individual said, To recover a spiritual tradition in which creation, and the study of creation, matters would be to inaugurate new possibilities between spirituality and science that would shape the paradigms for culture, its institution, and its people.
Once a wise individual said, Education then, beyond all other devices of human origin, is the great equalizer of the conditions of men, the balance-wheel of the social machinery.
Once a wise individual said, In science, we must be interested in things, not in persons.
Once a wise individual said, Even though I love solar and love wind, like most people do, I like the renewable sources, they alone are not going to get America energy independent.
Once a wise individual said, What I would say about Barney Eastwood is that when our relationship worked, it worked extremely well. He had a lot of strengths as a promoter and a manager.
Once a wise individual said, The only time you really live fully is from thirty to sixty. The young are slaves to dreams the old servants of regrets. Only the middle-aged have all their five senses in the keeping of their wits.
Once a wise individual said, I believe that history has shape, order, and meaning that exceptional men, as much as economic forces, produce change and that passe abstractions like beauty, nobility, and greatness have a shifting but continuing validity.
Once a wise individual said, He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.
Once a wise individual said, The spirit of truth and the spirit of freedom - these are the pillars of society.
Once a wise individual said, I went to a rare live Van Dyke show and met him there. And then he came to a show of mine and we spoke back stage. The third time was at Brian Wilson's birthday party.
Once a wise individual said, Language is the armory of the human mind, and at once contains the trophies of its past and the weapons of its future conquests.
Once a wise individual said, Some say that the age of chivalry is past, that the spirit of romance is dead. The age of chivalry is never past, so long as there is a wrong left unredressed on earth.
Once a wise individual said, You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
Once a wise individual said, Moreover, environmental health at the local level has become narrowly focused, very much defined around regulations and the attendant regulatory debates.
Once a wise individual said, When I was in the first grade I was afraid of the teacher and had a miserable time in the reading circle, a difficulty that was overcome by the loving patience of my second grade teacher. Even though I could read, I refused to do so.
Once a wise individual said, The average husband enjoys the total effect of his home but is usually unable to contribute any of the details of work and organisation that make it enjoyable.
Once a wise individual said, A wise woman knows how to summon her courage and do what is right, rather than what is easy.
Once a wise individual said, The family wage has been eroded by the same developments that have promoted consumerism as a way of life.
Once a wise individual said, When you walk the track and you see a corner and realise you were going round it at 160mph, you wonder who could be so stupid to take a corner at that speed. But in the car, you don't even think about that.
Once a wise individual said, Liberals, it has been said, are generous with other peoples' money, except when it comes to questions of national survival when they prefer to be generous with other people's freedom and security.
Once a wise individual said, I believe that being successful means having a balance of success stories across the many areas of your life. You can't truly be considered successful in your business life if your home life is in shambles.
Once a wise individual said, It doesn't hurt to feel sad from time to time.
Once a wise individual said, Friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of leisure activity.
Once a wise individual said, I think what I'm going to do is get more balance in my life to still be able to go out and play the hard rock 'n' roll and do what I like to do in music.
Once a wise individual said, The government of Israel doesn't like the kinds of things I say, which puts them into the same category as every other government in the world.
Once a wise individual said, They whom truth and wisdom lead, can gather honey from a weed.
Once a wise individual said, Such is the miraculous nature of the future of exiles: what is first uttered in the impotence of an overheated apartment becomes the fate of nations.
Once a wise individual said, The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough.
Once a wise individual said, All true meaning resides in the personal relationship to a phenomenon, what it means to you.
Once a wise individual said, I say what I want to say and do what I want to do. There's no in between. People will either love you for it or hate you for it.
Once a wise individual said, The power of the lawyer is in the uncertainty of the law.
Once a wise individual said, The problem is when you are writing something in retrospective, it needs a lot of courage not to change, or you will forget a certain reality, and you will just take in consideration your view today.
Once a wise individual said, I must admit, maybe I am a piece of history after all.
Once a wise individual said, But I did not find any positive inspiration in my studies until I approached my nineteenth year.
Once a wise individual said, In England only uneducated people show off their knowledge nobody quotes Latin or Greek authors in the course of conversation, unless he has never read them.
Once a wise individual said, Kind words are a creative force, a power that concurs in the building up of all that is good, and energy that showers blessings upon the world.
Once a wise individual said, I know this is kind of corny, but we thought about renewing our vows again because I think my mom would really love it if we did that in Arkansas, where I came from.
Once a wise individual said, My dad has been a big influence on me, because he's always had his own business. He really taught me business sense and how to be a focused individual, but also how to have fun and make everyone around you have fun.
Once a wise individual said, Investing in health will produce enormous benefits.
Once a wise individual said, When you're in a relationship you want it to work. My parents did, I did. But we are not taught how to make it work.
Once a wise individual said, Ideology... is indispensable in any society if men are to be formed, transformed and equipped to respond to the demands of their conditions of existence.
Once a wise individual said, But I try to steal other moments. Sometimes I get up very early in the morning and enjoy a quiet house and cup of tea before the craziness begins. Other times, I'll take a quick walk on the beach. You can find peace in a few minutes.
Once a wise individual said, So my degree was in political science, which I think was - the closest I could come to marketing is politics.
Once a wise individual said, The American people voted to restore integrity and honesty in Washington, D.C., and the Democrats intend to lead the most honest, most open and most ethical Congress in history.
Once a wise individual said, Today's recording techniques would have been regarded as science fiction forty years ago.
Once a wise individual said, We talk of our mastery of nature, which sounds very grand but the fact is we respectfully adapt ourselves, first, to her ways.
Once a wise individual said, We can stand affliction better than we can prosperity, for in prosperity we forget God.
Once a wise individual said, I have two different categories of favorite films. One is the emotional favorites, which means these are generally films that I saw when I was a kid anything you see in your formative years is more powerful, because it really stays with you forever. The second category is films that I saw while I was learning the craft of motion pictures.
Once a wise individual said, Poverty must not be a bar to learning and learning must offer an escape from poverty.
Once a wise individual said, Apartheid education, rarely mentioned in the press or openly confronted even among once-progressive educators, is alive and well and rapidly increasing now in the United States.
Once a wise individual said, Is fuel efficiency really what we need most desperately? I say that what we really need is a car that can be shot when it breaks down.
Once a wise individual said, Healthy citizens are the greatest asset any country can have.
Once a wise individual said, If I could write a story that would do for the Indian one-hundredth part what 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' did for the Negro, I would be thankful the rest of my life.
Once a wise individual said, There is a fundamental situation in which the country has reached rock bottom, that a mother can't send her children out of the house in the morning. The country has reached rock bottom and this needs to be changed.
Once a wise individual said, There's a lot of gimmick infringement out there, but that's cool. It's a compliment. But it all started right when I first came into the Garden. I came down to 'Eye of the Tiger' and when I hit the ring with the Sheik, I just put my hand up to my ear by accident, and the crowd got louder. I was like 'Oh, that works.'
Once a wise individual said, Desire is the key to motivation, but it's determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.
Once a wise individual said, When I get into bed at night, I hope I don't get into it alone!
Once a wise individual said, Practically all the relationships I know are based on a foundation of lies and mutually accepted delusion.
Once a wise individual said, Being an actress is similar to trying to fit in with the popular kids in high school. You're expected to drive the right car, wear the right clothes and say the right things.
Once a wise individual said, These days I'm mostly familiar with two parts of L.A.: one is movie culture, and the other is Asian culture. The Westside is work, and the Eastside is Chinese - which means my friends.
Once a wise individual said, Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.
Once a wise individual said, The greater the obstacle, the more glory in overcoming it.
Once a wise individual said, I believe that writers, unless they consider themselves terribly exquisite, are at heart people who live by night, a little bit outside society, moving between delinquency and conformity.
Once a wise individual said, We have a long way to go before we are able to hear the voices of everyone on earth, but I believe that providing voices and building bridges is essential for the World Peace we all wish for.
Once a wise individual said, What we call progress is the exchange of one nuisance for another nuisance.
Once a wise individual said, Right now, it hasn't affected my music other than the fact that I don't have time to write any of it. That's no different from when I first started and I lived at home. I would play the guitar in the afternoon and then my mom or my dad would come home and I'd have to quit.
Once a wise individual said, Well, right now, I'm very fascinated with 1920s Berlin. I mean, probably the more interesting thing would be to go to the beginning of civilization or precivilization - like polytheistic times. It would be interesting to see what came before modern religion and culture - what circumstances created the environment or the need for it.
Once a wise individual said, Also, my mom and family are very important to me and I know that this is not expected.
Once a wise individual said, To every people the land is given on condition. Perceived or not, there is a Covenant, beyond the constitution, beyond sovereign guarantee, beyond the nation's sweetest dreams of itself.
Once a wise individual said, What I do is not rocket science, but I sure do love it.
Once a wise individual said, Mark Ruffalo, aka the Incredible Hulk, is the natural gas industry's worst nightmare: a serious, committed activist who is determined to use his star power as a superhero in the hottest movie of the moment to draw attention the environmental and public health risks of fracking.
Once a wise individual said, You have a strange relationship with calamity when you're a writer: you write about it as an artist, you objectify and fetishize it. You render life into material, and that's a creepy thing to do.
Once a wise individual said, Los Angeles is a very magical place when you take the entertainment industry out of it. You have beautiful beaches and amazing mountains here. I'm a big rock climber. I head out into the mountains whenever I have free time. It's amazing.
Once a wise individual said, Nature is so powerful, so strong. Capturing its essence is not easy - your work becomes a dance with light and the weather. It takes you to a place within yourself.
Once a wise individual said, Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is.
Once a wise individual said, One day it just hit me. This is it. You are not in love. So either stay in it because you have a child or be brave and find the man of your dreams and marry him for real.
Once a wise individual said, Philanthropic colonization is a failure. National colonization will succeed.
Once a wise individual said, Man has two great spiritual needs. One is for forgiveness. The other is for goodness.
Once a wise individual said, Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is today's dream.
Once a wise individual said, Your work is first, learning is first, winning is everything because without it there is nothing.
Once a wise individual said, Intelligence is enormously sexy.
Once a wise individual said, Those nations have a very great responsibility at this juncture of the world's affairs, for by throwing their joint weight into the scales of history on the right side, they may tip the balance decisively in favour of peace.
Once a wise individual said, I remember walking the dog one day, I saw a car full of teenage girls, and one of them rolled down the window and yelled, 'Marc Jacobs!' in a French accent.
Once a wise individual said, User-centered design means understanding what your users need, how they think, and how they behave - and incorporating that understanding into every aspect of your process.
Once a wise individual said, We made the buttons on the screen look so good you'll want to lick them.
Once a wise individual said, For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
Once a wise individual said, A petty reason perhaps why novelists more and more try to keep a distance from journalists is that novelists are trying to write the truth and journalists are trying to write fiction.
Once a wise individual said, I can't understand why the front pages of newspapers can cover bird flu and swine flu and everybody is up in arms about that and we still haven't really woken up to the fact that so many women in sub-Saharan Africa - 60 percent of people in - infected with HIV are women.
Once a wise individual said, Scholastic learning and polemical divinity retarded the growth of all true knowledge.
Once a wise individual said, With my wife I don't get no respect. I made a toast on her birthday to 'the best woman a man ever had.' The waiter joined me.
Once a wise individual said, It is that of increasing knowledge of empirical fact, intimately combined with changing interpretations of this body of fact - hence changing general statements about it - and, not least, a changing a structure of the theoretical system.
Once a wise individual said, Grieve not, then, if your sons seem to desert you, but rejoice, rather, seeing the will of God done gladly.
Once a wise individual said, God tolerates even our stammering, and pardons our ignorance whenever something inadvertently escapes us - as, indeed, without this mercy there would be no freedom to pray.
Once a wise individual said, Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you.
Once a wise individual said, Honest good humor is the oil and wine of a merry meeting, and there is no jovial companionship equal to that where the jokes are rather small and laughter abundant.
Once a wise individual said, Art is the objectification of feeling.
Once a wise individual said, Ah, mon cher, for anyone who is alone, without God and without a master, the weight of days is dreadful.
Once a wise individual said, Like everyone else who makes the mistake of getting older, I begin each day with coffee and obituaries.
Once a wise individual said, America is just the country that how all the written guarantees in the world for freedom are no protection against tyranny and oppression of the worst kind. There the politician has come to be looked upon as the very scum of society.
Once a wise individual said, Mandatory auditor rotation is designed to address a potential conflict of interest between a public company and its auditor. Because an auditor is hired and paid by the public company it audits, the auditor's desire to maintain a good relationship with its client could conflict with its duty to rigorously question the client's financial statements.
Once a wise individual said, Why do only boys get to chase? Nuh-uh! If anything, I think this whole sitting back and waiting thing can be self-sabotaging. We have to send up flares. We have to let guys know we're open for business.
Once a wise individual said, All still lifes are actually paintings of the world on the sixth day of creation, when God and the world were alone together, without man!
Once a wise individual said, I try not to wear anything I have to fidget with - there's nothing worse than wearing something and pulling down the hem and re-adjusting the top. My pet hate is when girls wear those strapless dresses and spend the whole night yanking them up.
Once a wise individual said, There is still a future with music, because people want music.
Once a wise individual said, Literature adds to reality, it does not simply describe it. It enriches the necessary competencies that daily life requires and provides and in this respect, it irrigates the deserts that our lives have already become.
Once a wise individual said, While President Bush likes to project an image of strength and courage, the real truth is that in the presence of his large financial contributors, he is a moral coward.
Once a wise individual said, The Christian religion, though scattered and abroad will in the end gather itself together at the foot of the cross.
Once a wise individual said, I hope that when I'm 80 years old, people will still be talking about my wedding.
Once a wise individual said, The intelligence community gets hurt through sequestration.
Once a wise individual said, There is no principle worth the name if it is not wholly good.
Once a wise individual said, Kids are great. That's one of the best things about our business, all the kids you get to meet. It's a shame they have to grow up to be regular people and come to the games and call you names.
Once a wise individual said, I feel bad about my outlook, how I feel about people and society, and that I'll never be part of society the way I should.
Once a wise individual said, Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Once a wise individual said, The thing about being at home versus being out in the world working is, it's a whole different vibe. When I'm home with my kids and partner, I will cook - even though she's a very good cook. She's learned over the years. We started with basics, you know, how to saute onions, how to saute mushrooms.
Once a wise individual said, What we now call school training, the pursuit of fixed studies at stated hours under the constant guidance of a teacher, I could scarcely be said to have enjoyed.
Once a wise individual said, The press attack people to sell more papers without thinking, but when you get famous you have to put up with this kind of stuff.
Once a wise individual said, Enjoying success requires the ability to adapt. Only by being open to change will you have a true opportunity to get the most from your talent.
Once a wise individual said, Over the last couple of years, I've really worked toward balancing my life out more, having a little bit more time with friends, family and my boyfriend. There was a period of time when they were way down the list. It was all about music and touring and if everything fell by the wayside, so be it.
Once a wise individual said, The prospect of music being detachable from time and place meant that one could start to think of music as a part of one's furniture.
Once a wise individual said, Deliberately seek opportunities for kindness, sympathy, and patience.
Once a wise individual said, The most useful form of time travel would be to go back a year or two and rectify the mistakes we made.
Once a wise individual said, The year was 2081, and everyone was finally equal.
Once a wise individual said, My dad was my best friend and greatest role model. He was an amazing dad, coach, mentor, soldier, husband and friend.
Once a wise individual said, It's lovely to have money to give away - that's the bonus of winning the Nobel.
Once a wise individual said, I believe in traditional marriage.
Once a wise individual said, The Teutons have been singing the swan song ever since they entered the ranks of history. They have always confounded truth with death.
Once a wise individual said, The law will never make a man free it is men who have got to make the law free.
Once a wise individual said, My friends gave me the first songs which was the first food in my soul for me.
Once a wise individual said, A good teacher is a determined person.
Once a wise individual said, The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success.
Once a wise individual said, Just as Pollock used the drip to meld process and product, Richter 'found' and used the smudge and the blur to ravish the eye, creating works of psychic and physical power.
Once a wise individual said, I've thought about it a hundred times. I even buy bridal magazines sometimes. I want David Tutera to do my wedding.
Once a wise individual said, Things have gone beyond my wildest expectations and dreams, and I feel like I've been given so many blessings in my life, between my friendship with the guys in the band, our wonderful audience, being able to play this music, and then my family.
Once a wise individual said, I'm the most inappropriate dad. I curse in front of my kids and their friends. I let my kids watch R-rated movies. I'll walk by the movie theater and say, 'Let's go see that,' and my kids will say, 'No, it's rated R. It's not appropriate for kids.' I'm like Uncle Dad. We have fun. I don't live with them, but I drive over four days a week.
Once a wise individual said, I believe patriotism comes from the heart. Patriotism is voluntary. It is a feeling of loyalty and allegiance that is the result of knowledge and belief.
Once a wise individual said, Seems like half my anxiety dreams are about airports.
Once a wise individual said, Each is under the most sacred obligation not to squander the material committed to him, not to sap his strength in folly and vice, and to see at the least that he delivers a product worthy the labor and cost which have been expended on him.
Once a wise individual said, If there is not the war, you don't get the great general if there is not a great occasion, you don't get a great statesman if Lincoln had lived in a time of peace, no one would have known his name.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes I wonder if men and women really suit each other. Perhaps they should live next door and just visit now and then.
Once a wise individual said, Jesus claimed He had the power to raise himself from the dead and His followers would be raised from the dead. That's a unique claim in the literature of religion.
Once a wise individual said, My real adversary has no name, no face, no party. It will never be elected, yet it governs - the adversary is the world of finance.
Once a wise individual said, Guys are simple... women are not simple and they always assume that men must be just as complicated as they are, only way more mysterious. The whole point is guys are not thinking much. They are just what they appear to be. Tragically.
Once a wise individual said, A realist, in Venice, would become a romantic by mere faithfulness to what he saw before him.
Once a wise individual said, Do what you love to do and give it your very best. Whether it's business or baseball, or the theater, or any field. If you don't love what you're doing and you can't give it your best, get out of it. Life is too short. You'll be an old man before you know it.
Once a wise individual said, When you put down the good things you ought to have done, and leave out the bad ones you did do well, that's Memoirs.
Once a wise individual said, I believe that the profits will come from the quality of your creative products. Since the beginning, I've always wanted to develop a self-feeding circle of creative productions: the positive financial returns from one show would be used to develop and create a new show, and so on.
Once a wise individual said, This would only come if you have a revolutionary change in technology like the jet brought about.
Once a wise individual said, Great things are done when men and mountains meet.
Once a wise individual said, What does it mean to pre-board? Do you get on before you get on?
Once a wise individual said, The computer offers another kind of creativity. You cannot ignore the creativity that computer technology can bring. But you need to be able to move between those two different worlds.
Once a wise individual said, My films are an extension of my poetry, using the white screen like the white page to be filled with images.
Once a wise individual said, My philosophy is: It's none of my business what people say of me and think of me.
Once a wise individual said, No great man lives in vain. The history of the world is but the biography of great men.
Once a wise individual said, You can make positive deposits in your own economy every day by reading and listening to powerful, positive, life-changing content and by associating with encouraging and hope-building people.
Once a wise individual said, There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
Once a wise individual said, But I don't need to use politics as a way of making money.
Once a wise individual said, What turns me on is to walk into a sold-out venue. The audiences are so much the same as they were in the '60s. It's just an amazing thing. I can't explain it, but I hope it never stops.
Once a wise individual said, I was a teen star. That's disgusting enough.
Once a wise individual said, Like all sciences and all valuations, the psychology of women has hitherto been considered only from the point of view of men.
Once a wise individual said, I paint mostly from real life. It has to start with that. Real people, real street scenes, behind the curtain scenes, live models, paintings, photographs, staged setups, architecture, grids, graphic design. Whatever it takes to make it work.
Once a wise individual said, I want peace. I want to see if somewhere there isn't something left in life of charm and grace.
Once a wise individual said, Seek out that particular mental attribute which makes you feel most deeply and vitally alive, along with which comes the inner voice which says, 'This is the real me,' and when you have found that attitude, follow it.
Once a wise individual said, Christmas is the antithesis of Thanksgiving. Christmas is pretty much a man-made holiday.
Once a wise individual said, Somebody who's really comfortable with who she is and doesn't care what other people think. I like women who are really strong and were brought up to be comfortable with themselves and respect themselves.
Once a wise individual said, The three main sources of scepticism are first, that not every people desires freedom second, that democracy in certain parts of the world would be dangerous and third, that there is little the world's democracies can do to advance freedom outside their countries.
Once a wise individual said, The relationships that people have - that are sexual, psychological, emotional - these relationships are not open to supervision by parents, schools, churches, or government. Nobody has any right to intervene at all in any kind of relationship like that.
Once a wise individual said, Our dog died from licking our wedding picture.
Once a wise individual said, We fear the thing we want the most.
Once a wise individual said, You know, maybe I was just born in the wrong time, but I love all things romantic. Puffy understands that. For my last birthday, he covered my hotel room floor with rose petals and had flowers and candles all over the room.
Once a wise individual said, Although my dad Harry is the manager of West Ham, we get on very well.
Once a wise individual said, I got tired of the Ramones around the time I quit and I really got into rap. I thought it was the new punk rock. LL Cool J was my biggest idol.
Once a wise individual said, Religions, which condemn the pleasures of sense, drive men to seek the pleasures of power. Throughout history power has been the vice of the ascetic.
Once a wise individual said, If the king loves music, there is little wrong in the land.
Once a wise individual said, Feminism is a socialist, anti-family, political movement that encourages women to leave their husbands, kill their children, practice witchcraft, destroy capitalism and become lesbians.
Once a wise individual said, I don't know why they're doing it. I have to assume that their motives are positive, not negative. But they don't understand the severity of the problem in this state.
Once a wise individual said, Don't get me wrong, I think bikes are terrific. I own several of my own, including a trendy mountain style, and ride them for pleasure and light exercise.
Once a wise individual said, In my older age, I've learned to take things slower, because I used to be that total-fall-in-love-after-a-day guy.
Once a wise individual said, We are a Nation of peace and compassion, yet these people have and will devote every fiber of their beings to the destruction of Americans and our Country.
Once a wise individual said, I did this Super-8 film at art school called 'Tissues,' this black comedy about a family whose father has been arrested for child molestation. I was absolutely thrilled by every inch of it, and would throw my projector in the back of my car and show it to anybody who would watch it.
Once a wise individual said, All the strength and force of man comes from his faith in things unseen. He who believes is strong he who doubts is weak. Strong convictions precede great actions.
Once a wise individual said, The relationships that people have - that are sexual, psychological, emotional - these relationships are not open to supervision by parents, schools, churches, or government. Nobody has any right to intervene at all in any kind of relationship like that.
Once a wise individual said, Today's interpretations of religion are often backward and contradict the needs of civilization.
Once a wise individual said, That's Anil's path. She grows up in Sri Lanka, goes and gets educated abroad, and through fate or chance gets brought back by the Human Rights Commission to investigate war crimes.
Once a wise individual said, When you have two busy kids running around the house, returning e-mails is a task, let alone surfing the web.
Once a wise individual said, I've always taken my love of children from my father. He was a children magnet. Suddenly, having my first child hit home what my dad went through.
Once a wise individual said, There is hope in dreams, imagination, and in the courage of those who wish to make those dreams a reality.
Once a wise individual said, While there's life, there's hope.
Once a wise individual said, Well, I think indigenous peoples have ways of living on the Earth that they've had forever. And they've been overrun by organized religion, which has had a lot of money and power.
Once a wise individual said, I've made so many movies playing a hooker that they don't pay me in the regular way anymore. They leave it on the dresser.
Once a wise individual said, But look, I was born in 1956, the peak year for births in US history. I think I'm very representative of many of the thought processes my generation have been through and, by and large, people of my age have had their imprint planted on the consciousness of western society for a long time.
Once a wise individual said, Our citizens are tired of big government raising their taxes and cooking up new ways to micromanage their lives, our citizens are tired of big government killing jobs with their do-gooder policies. In short the people are Fed Up!
Once a wise individual said, What is history but a fable agreed upon?
Once a wise individual said, In terms of number of movies, I've been in an extraordinary amount. If you count only the minutes I'm onscreen, it's not so long.
Once a wise individual said, As far as I was concerned, either I was a homosexual or I wasn't, so making films would change nothing.
Once a wise individual said, There are two things that come very easily to me: rooting for New York sports teams and making mistakes.
Once a wise individual said, And I like to convey my feelings, my emotions, my experience, the information I have to public use, public opinion.
Once a wise individual said, God is to be worshipped as the one beloved, dearer than everything in this and next life.
Once a wise individual said, If you're a Christian you don't sit there and worry about what somebody else is doing, if they're happy and they're committed in a relationship.
Once a wise individual said, The knowledge that we have about what it is to be human that we have as a child is something we necessarily must lose.
Once a wise individual said, Winning is great, sure, but if you are really going to do something in life, the secret is learning how to lose. Nobody goes undefeated all the time. If you can pick up after a crushing defeat, and go on to win again, you are going to be a champion someday.
Once a wise individual said, I could always sing, from a really young age, but my voice was really weird. I used to make my mum turn up the radio every day in our house. She was well into music so I got that from her.
Once a wise individual said, When I was in my 20s it did occur to me that there was something perverted about an attitude that thought that killing somebody was a minor offence compared to kissing somebody.
Once a wise individual said, Judgment is not my business. Existing is my business.
Once a wise individual said, Skin has become inadequate in interfacing with reality. Technology has become the body's new membrane of existence.
Once a wise individual said, Better by far you should forget and smile than that you should remember and be sad.
Once a wise individual said, Congress must take responsibility for a new positive direction - an innovative agenda that will lead to a more secure America. Secure communities, secure economies, and a secure quality of life.
Once a wise individual said, I mean, that's a sad day in America when you're recalled because you did what you said you were going to do, and the public voted you in to do that.
Once a wise individual said, My fear is that, as soon as I get married and have kids that I'll kind of do what a lot of people do and suddenly start making, 'Now I'm gonna make films for kids.' I really hope I don't do that.
Once a wise individual said, I'd like to be played as a child by Natalie Wood. I'd have some romantic scenes as Audrey Hepburn and have gritty black-and-white scenes as Patricia Neal.
Once a wise individual said, We cannot create observers by saying 'observe,' but by giving them the power and the means for this observation and these means are procured through education of the senses.
Once a wise individual said, You have to grow thick skin and that only comes with time and learning.
Once a wise individual said, All nature is but art unknown to thee.
Once a wise individual said, Old age isn't so bad when you consider the alternative.
Once a wise individual said, Will power is to the mind like a strong blind man who carries on his shoulders a lame man who can see.
Once a wise individual said, Oh, the relationship with actors and managers and agents and things is a terrible problem sometimes.
Once a wise individual said, The Court is most vulnerable and comes nearest to illegitimacy when it deals with judge-made constitutional law having little or no cognizable roots in the language or design of the Constitution.
Once a wise individual said, I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best.
Once a wise individual said, I have been thinking about the notion of perfect love as being without fear, and what that means for us in a world that's becoming increasingly xenophobic, tortured by fundamentalism and nationalism.
Once a wise individual said, Nature is indifferent to the survival of the human species, including Americans.
Once a wise individual said, In the practical art of war, the best thing of all is to take the enemy's country whole and intact to shatter and destroy it is not so good.
Once a wise individual said, In some cases, inventions prohibit innovation because we're so caught up in playing with the technology, we forget about the fact that it was supposed to be important.
Once a wise individual said, There has been a shift to what may be defined as a culture of negativity which goes well beyond coverage of politics.
Once a wise individual said, Then as everything, like I say, things started to come together, when things started to go our way, that's when you results started to come. I was no different driver. I was certainly learning every time I went in the car.
Once a wise individual said, Most of the energy of political work is devoted to correcting the effects of mismanagement of government.
Once a wise individual said, I don't like to travel as much as I have in the past, but it's good for my soul to get to pick, especially with these good musicians and these guys that play so well.
Once a wise individual said, There are a lot of grotesqueries in politics, not the least of which is the fund-raising side.
Once a wise individual said, We're all of us guinea pigs in the laboratory of God. Humanity is just a work in progress.
Once a wise individual said, A company that pays attention to the family unit is a successful company. We don't isolate the family. We don't make rides that say, 'Hey mom, dad, you go sit on the bench.'
Once a wise individual said, Food for the body is not enough. There must be food for the soul.
Once a wise individual said, The poster boy for our superabled future is Oscar Pistorius, an increasingly famous South African sprinter who happens to have had both of his legs amputated below the knee. Using upside down question mark-shaped carbon fiber sprinting prosthetics, called Cheetah blades, Mr. Pistorius can challenge the fastest sprinters in the world.
Once a wise individual said, The greatest pleasure of life is love.
Once a wise individual said, My grandson sees me as Lois on TV every Christmas, and that scores me points.
Once a wise individual said, If I could work with any actor it would have to be Johnny Depp. He is cool.
Once a wise individual said, To act coolly, intelligently and prudently in perilous circumstances is the test of a man - and also a nation.
Once a wise individual said, When I was born I was so ugly the doctor slapped my mother.
Once a wise individual said, Study after study confirms that even when you control for variables like profession, education, hours worked, age, marital status, and children, men still are compensated substantially more - even in professions, like nursing, dominated by women. No wonder there's a gender gap.
Once a wise individual said, To be satisfied with a little, is the greatest wisdom and he that increaseth his riches, increaseth his cares but a contented mind is a hidden treasure, and trouble findeth it not.
Once a wise individual said, Nothing has more strength than dire necessity.
Once a wise individual said, I respect people who feel things passionately. I do. But when someone is a judge, that is not what they should bring to the bench. It is not really passion, except in rare instances, that serves the bench well. It is, rather, an ability to understand the law and follow it.
Once a wise individual said, Redemption just means you just make a change in your life and you try to do right, versus what you were doing, which was wrong.
Once a wise individual said, When men attempt bold gestures, generally it's considered romantic. When women do it, it's often considered desperate or psycho.
Once a wise individual said, Courage is just fear, plus prayers, plus understanding.
Once a wise individual said, Science has always been my preoccupation and when you think a breakthrough is possible, it is terribly exciting.
Once a wise individual said, We travel together, passengers on a little spaceship, dependent on it's vulnerable reserves of air and soil, all committed, for our safety, to it's security and peace. Preserved from annihilation only by the care, the work and the love we give our fragile craft.
Once a wise individual said, Goodness does not more certainly make men happy than happiness makes them good.
Once a wise individual said, Success consists in being successful, not in having potential for success. Any wide piece of ground is the potential site of a palace, but there's no palace till it's built.
Once a wise individual said, I have long said there are three distinct groups under the GOP's tent: theological warriors, who want to impose their social views on the rest of society Tea Party zealots, who say with a straight face that they want the government to get out of their Medicare and remnants of the pro-business moderates.
Once a wise individual said, The clearest explanation for the failure of any marriage is that the two people are incompatible that is, that one is male and the other female.
Once a wise individual said, God never ends anything on a negative God always ends on a positive.
Once a wise individual said, Middle Age is that perplexing time of life when we hear two voices calling us, one saying, 'Why not?' and the other, 'Why bother?'
Once a wise individual said, From reading over the notes for each session it was apparent that there had been improvement by more or less regular steps from almost complete terror at sight of the rabbit to a completely positive response with no signs of disturbance.
Once a wise individual said, The march of invention has clothed mankind with powers of which a century ago the boldest imagination could not have dreamt.
Once a wise individual said, The simplest and most basic meaning of the symbol of the Goddess is the acknowledgment of the legitimacy of female power as a beneficent and independent power.
Once a wise individual said, Under President Obama's new health care law, Medicaid will become a very different health coverage program than first envisioned.
Once a wise individual said, The hardest people to reach with the love of God are not the bad people. They know they are bad. They have no defense. The hardest ones to win for God are the self-righteous people.
Once a wise individual said, Whatever it is that the government does, sensible Americans would prefer that the government does it to somebody else. This is the idea behind foreign policy.
Once a wise individual said, I like a very dry wit, not the big kind of humor like Robin Williams. I don't think I'm capable of that.
Once a wise individual said, If you say, I'm for equal pay, that's a reform. But if you say. I'm a feminist, that's a transformation of society.
Once a wise individual said, If children have the ability to ignore all odds and percentages, then maybe we can all learn from them. When you think about it, what other choice is there but to hope? We have two options, medically and emotionally: give up, or Fight Like Hell.
Once a wise individual said, It's a tricky place, especially the last sector. I wasn't happy in practice. I wasn't happy with the car and I wasn't happy with myself. But I always thought there was more in the car.
Once a wise individual said, Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
Once a wise individual said, Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.
Once a wise individual said, More men die of jealousy than of cancer.
Once a wise individual said, Friends are very important to me, and I have always had many of them. There are probably many reasons why this is so, but two seem to me more valid than any of the others I am a naturally friendly person, and I hate to be alone.
Once a wise individual said, Nowhere else in history has there ever been a flag that stands for the right to burn itself. This is the fractal of our flag. It stands for the right to destroy itself.
Once a wise individual said, The United States has far more to offer the world than our bombs and missiles and our military technology.
Once a wise individual said, I use God in my songs a lot but I don't have a relationship. I don't know what that means.
Once a wise individual said, The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Once a wise individual said, From the time that I can remember, I worked to make money - either baby-sitting, or one year wrapping gifts at a department store at Christmas, so I could have my own money.
Once a wise individual said, The word courage - God, I love that word. Words are so important to me.
Once a wise individual said, Also, I used to think that one day I might get someone to iron my shirts, but the truth is I really like doing them myself.
Once a wise individual said, The world is full of abundance and opportunity, but far too many people come to the fountain of life with a sieve instead of a tank car... a teaspoon instead of a steam shovel. They expect little and as a result they get little.
Once a wise individual said, Sure I played, did you think I was born at the age of 70 sitting in a dugout trying to manage guys like you?
Once a wise individual said, The Christian faith can never be separated from the soil of sacred events, from the choice made by God, who wanted to speak to us, to become man, to die and rise again, in a particular place and at a particular time.
Once a wise individual said, The Clinton White House today said they would start to give national security and intelligence briefings to George Bush. I don't know how well this is working out. Today after the first one Bush said, 'I've got one question: What color is the red phone?'
Once a wise individual said, After the Berlin Wall came down I visited that city and I will never forget it. The abandoned checkpoints. The sense of excitement about the future. The knowledge that a great continent was coming together. Healing those wounds of our history is the central story of the European Union.
Once a wise individual said, The only real happiness a ballplayer has is when he is playing a ball game and accomplishes something he didn't think he could do.
Once a wise individual said, Now, personally, I like a car with some sort of character.
Once a wise individual said, Old hands soil, it seems, whatever they caress, but they too have their beauty when they are joined in prayer. Young hands were made for caresses and the sheathing of love. It is a pity to make them join too soon.
Once a wise individual said, It's hard to lead a cavalry charge if you think you look funny on a horse.
Once a wise individual said, Nothing goes by luck in composition. It allows of no tricks. The best you can write will be the best you are.
Once a wise individual said, Nature holds the key to our aesthetic, intellectual, cognitive and even spiritual satisfaction.
Once a wise individual said, Fear comes in two packages fear of failure, and sometimes, fear of success.
Once a wise individual said, My mother was the first woman in the county in Indiana where we were born, in Jay County, to have a college degree. She was educated as a pianist and she wanted to concertize, but when the war came she was married, had a family, so she started teaching.
Once a wise individual said, My mother taught me that when you stand in the truth and someone tells a lie about you, don't fight it.
Once a wise individual said, Unemployment is capitalism's way of getting you to plant a garden.
Once a wise individual said, Eccentricity has always abounded when and where strength of character had abounded and the amount of eccentricity in a society has generally been proportional to the amount of genius, mental vigor, and courage which it contained.
Once a wise individual said, Let us build a 21st-century rural economy of cutting-edge companies and technologies that lead us to energy and food security. Such an investment will revitalize rural America, re-establish our moral leadership on climate security and eliminate our addiction to foreign oil.
Once a wise individual said, Education must provide the opportunities for self-fulfillment it can at best provide a rich and challenging environment for the individual to explore, in his own way.
Once a wise individual said, It is only an auctioneer who can equally and impartially admire all schools of art.
Once a wise individual said, With technology now, you can go in and sing a song, and for $100,000, you will sound flawless.
Once a wise individual said, Lawyers, I suppose, were children once.
Once a wise individual said, We belong to the camp of peace. We believe in peace. We believe that our one God wishes us to live in peace and wishes peace upon us, for these are His teachings to all the followers of the three great monotheistic religions, the Children of Abraham.
Once a wise individual said, The truth is, we have this idea that late night is about creativity and being cool, but that's not our job. Our job is to get as many people watching the commercials in between our show. That's the reality of it.
Once a wise individual said, Employees make the best dates. You don't have to pick them up and they're always tax-deductible.
Once a wise individual said, Artists don't make objects. Artists make mythologies.
Once a wise individual said, Great dreams of great dreamers are always transcended.
Once a wise individual said, We call that person who has lost his father, an orphan and a widower that man who has lost his wife. But that man who has known the immense unhappiness of losing a friend, by what name do we call him? Here every language is silent and holds its peace in impotence.
Once a wise individual said, It is cruel, you know, that music should be so beautiful. It has the beauty of loneliness of pain: of strength and freedom. The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love. The cruel beauty of nature and everlasting beauty of monotony.
Once a wise individual said, Your modern teenager is not about to listen to advice from an old person, defined as a person who remembers when there was no Velcro.
Once a wise individual said, I have a ridiculous fear of sharks but I'd jump in the water in a second for an amazing role.
Once a wise individual said, I got through my teen years by being a bit of a clown.
Once a wise individual said, Great hopes make great men.
Once a wise individual said, If you have love in your life, it can make up for a great many things that are missing. If you don't have love in your life, no matter what else there is, it's not enough.
Once a wise individual said, I think at some stage, I would love to have another child. I would love to settle into a relationship that was really important to me. I actually am not good at the balance at that.
Once a wise individual said, A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself.
Once a wise individual said, I'm trying to have my own thing, and I don't know if it's even possible. I didn't realize so many people actually think I'm trying to be like my dad. I read comments like 'She's no Elvis.' I'm not trying to be. I never set out to be.
Once a wise individual said, True religion... is giving and finding one's happiness by bringing happiness into the lives of others.
Once a wise individual said, Family life is too intimate to be preserved by the spirit of justice. It can be sustained by a spirit of love which goes beyond justice.
Once a wise individual said, The American public is not aware that there might be potential allergenic and toxic reactions. With regular food, at least people know which foods they have an allergy to.
Once a wise individual said, I have the handicap of being born with a special language to which I alone have the key.
Once a wise individual said, I'm quite ignorant about fashion and I'm colourblind, so it's all a tad tricky. My only knowledge of that world comes through Christopher Bailey, whom I first met in 2008 when I did a campaign for Burberry that featured musicians, artists, actors and sportsmen.
Once a wise individual said, I don't know why my smile has become a signature pose. I think it's a nice change. I think people want to see happiness, so a smile is what can bring that. I didn't make it my trademark on purpose.
Once a wise individual said, To avoid being mistaken for a sellout, I chose my friends carefully. The more politically active black students. The foreign students. The Chicanos. The Marxist professors and structural feminists and punk-rock performance poets.
Once a wise individual said, I see no way out of the problems that organized religion and tribalism create other than humans just becoming more honest and fully aware of themselves.
Once a wise individual said, The level of detail and craft is something that's inscribed within the original design concept. And so when I begin to draw, I know what kind of detailing I want the building to have.
Once a wise individual said, And the second question, can poetry be taught? I didn't think so.
Once a wise individual said, If this humor be the safety of our race, then it is due largely to the infusion into the American people of the Irish brain.
Once a wise individual said, Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming.
Once a wise individual said, It is clear that not in one thing alone, but in many ways equality and freedom of speech are a good thing.
Once a wise individual said, A prudent question is one-half of wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, The heart of marriage is memories and if the two of you happen to have the same ones and can savor your reruns, then your marriage is a gift from the gods.
Once a wise individual said, The beauty of a strong, lasting commitment is often best understood by men incapable of it.
Once a wise individual said, I will not be discouraged by failure I will not be elated by success.
Once a wise individual said, Women are oppressed in the east, in the west, in the south, in the north. Women are oppressed inside, outside home, a woman is oppressed in religion, she is oppressed outside religion.
Once a wise individual said, Being non-commercial is never an ambition. Movies come together at different points for fortuitous reasons. You do them as you get the opportunity, as opposed to doing them when you choose to or design to.
Once a wise individual said, We are in desperate need of a well-done romantic lesbian comedy.
Once a wise individual said, Some people swear by writing courses, but whether it really helps American poetry, I have doubts.
Once a wise individual said, The ultimate value of life depends upon awareness and the power of contemplation rather than upon mere survival.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage is an adventure, like going to war.
Once a wise individual said, There is a limit to the application of democratic methods. You can inquire of all the passengers as to what type of car they like to ride in, but it is impossible to question them as to whether to apply the brakes when the train is at full speed and accident threatens.
Once a wise individual said, I'm drawn to furniture design as complete architecture on a minor scale.
Once a wise individual said, First of all, Saddam did not win the war, even though he says he did, I mean, you know, that's a joke and everybody in the world knows it.
Once a wise individual said, I have many times thought I did the wrong thing, but the reason was not to be a medical doctor - it was just to have the information. But then, maybe I was wrong, I don't know.
Once a wise individual said, I put quite a few trees in last autumn. A lot of silver birch and a couple of native trees - just generally doing gardening, putting plants in and hedges in. It takes quite a lot of time and I love it.
Once a wise individual said, A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person.
Once a wise individual said, There may be people who have more talent than you, but there's no excuse for anyone to work harder than you do - and I believe that.
Once a wise individual said, God did not intend the human family to be wafted to heaven on flowery beds of ease.
Once a wise individual said, It is the child's understanding that teaches the adults the way of the future. They're still doing it today with modern technology.
Once a wise individual said, Beauty is indeed a good gift of God but that the good may not think it a great good, God dispenses it even to the wicked.
Once a wise individual said, When theater becomes a soothing middle-class thing, when it's packaged as the Night Out, then that's the death of it.
Once a wise individual said, Churchill knew the importance of peace, and he also knew the price of it. Churchill finally got his voice, of course. He stressed strategy, but it was his voice that armed England at last with the old-fashioned moral concepts of honor and duty, justice and mercy.
Once a wise individual said, Christmas makes me happy no matter what time of year it comes around.
Once a wise individual said, The NFL has been an amazing page in this chapter of my life. I pray that all successive adventures offer me the same potential for growth, success and most importantly fun.
Once a wise individual said, Young girls look to me as a role model and think I crash diet to keep slim. That's not true, I always eat properly.
Once a wise individual said, The American people I talk to don't spend every moment thinking, 'How can I tax my neighbor more than they're being taxed?' They say, 'How can I get a good job? How can my kids get good jobs? How can seniors have a confidence in their future when they know that Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid are bankrupt?'
Once a wise individual said, There are three reasons for becoming a writer: the first is that you need the money the second that you have something to say that you think the world should know the third is that you can't think what to do with the long winter evenings.
Once a wise individual said, The child supplies the power but the parents have to do the steering.
Once a wise individual said, The bottom line is how do we best provide for the security of the traveling public in light of a determined enemy who is adept at constructing well-designed, well-concealed devices which would not show up in a walk-through metal detector? We're trying to employ the best technology to identify any possible threat.
Once a wise individual said, When I finish an album and I find myself listening to it in the car, because it makes me feel a certain way, that's the time to try to let other people know about it.
Once a wise individual said, Now that I'm a mom, I'm way more laid back. If you come into my house, don't look for a coaster. Forget it. There is not a piece of furniture in my house now that is too precious.
Once a wise individual said, If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.
Once a wise individual said, One of the key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace, good people don't go into government.
Once a wise individual said, I actually share her view and understand her frustration when any government attempts to ban secular symbols like Santa Claus or Rudolph the Red Nose Reindeer or Christmas lights.
Once a wise individual said, I love the way you can fall in love with a piece of literature how words alone can get your heart doing that.
Once a wise individual said, I have an education degree from the University of Minnesota, and I was a teacher for about a minute.
Once a wise individual said, You're not going to say anything about me that I'm not going to say about myself. There's so many things that I think about myself if someone really wanted to get at me, they could say this and this and this. So I'm going to say it before they can. It's the best policy for me.
Once a wise individual said, The best rules to form a young man, are, to talk little, to hear much, to reflect alone upon what has passed in company, to distrust one's own opinions, and value others that deserve it.
Once a wise individual said, Because I think in order to get famous you have to be known for something. Like 'You're the romantic comedy girl' or 'You're the Oscar-winning whatever girl.'
Once a wise individual said, Let us show our fellow countrymen and the entire world what the Germans can do when they work for peace.
Once a wise individual said, Like success, failure is many things to many people. With Positive Mental Attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again.
Once a wise individual said, The nerds are the ones that make the films and do loads of other really cool stuff in their life.
Once a wise individual said, A vegan diet takes care of most of what we need to do. But you'll also want to minimize the use of oils generally, because while olive oil and other vegetable oils are better for your heart than chicken fat, they are as fattening as animal fats.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think any good book is based on factual experience. Bad books are about things the writer already knew before he wrote them.
Once a wise individual said, Socialism is the religion people get when they lose their religion.
Once a wise individual said, What we must understand is that the industries, processes, and inventions created by modern science can be used either to subjugate or liberate. The choice is up to us.
Once a wise individual said, While I gave up God a long time ago, I never shook the habit of wanting to believe in something. So I replaced my creed of everlasting life with life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
Once a wise individual said, The act of birth is the first experience of anxiety, and thus the source and prototype of the affect of anxiety.
Once a wise individual said, It is folly for a man to pray to the gods for that which he has the power to obtain by himself.
Once a wise individual said, Obama has already rejected the bright sunlight of public knowledge, which is democracy's great disinfectant and cure.
Once a wise individual said, A liberal knows that the only certainty in this life is change but believes that the change can be directed toward a constructive end.
Once a wise individual said, Under no stretch of imagination can war be regarded as an ethical process yet war, force, terror, and propaganda were the evolutionary means employed to weld the German people into a tribal whole.
Once a wise individual said, My priority is to turn people - especially kids - on to sports and being active so they don't even have to think about it being good for their health. If people participate for the fun of it, and believe me - it is fun, then fitness programs will be much more successful.
Once a wise individual said, Obviously, I come from one background, and the people that design fitness equipment have been doing it for years and years, and they know what works and doesn't work.
Once a wise individual said, My mom was Sicilian, my dad was Sicilian. Mom was a great cook, but all the women were.
Once a wise individual said, Constantly risking absurdity and death whenever he performs above the heads of his audience, the poet, like an acrobat, climbs on rhyme to a high wire of his own making.
Once a wise individual said, Certainly my parents were a huge influence. They always expected the most out of all of us. And expected us to do our very best. I'm thankful to them for allowing me to do what I wanted to do.
Once a wise individual said, At the end of the day the question comes, what are you doing for the world? You have to try to do something that's going to add something positive.
Once a wise individual said, I think the person who takes a job in order to live - that is to say, for the money - has turned himself into a slave.
Once a wise individual said, The Egyptian contribution to architecture was more concerned with remembering the dead than the living.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes what works 40 years ago doesn't work today.
Once a wise individual said, Charity never humiliated him who profited from it, nor ever bound him by the chains of gratitude, since it was not to him but to God that the gift was made.
Once a wise individual said, The art of Peace I practice has room for each of the world's eight million gods, and I cooperate with them all. The God of Peace is very great and enjoins all that is divine and enlightened in every land.
Once a wise individual said, I wish people would love everybody else the way they love me. It would be a better world.
Once a wise individual said, I think of marriage as a garden. You have to tend to it. Respect it, take care of it, feed it. Make sure everyone is getting the right amount of, um, sunlight.
Once a wise individual said, If we can by any method establish a relation of mutual trust between the laborer and the employer, we shall lay the foundation stone of a structure that will endure for all time.
Once a wise individual said, Luck, like a Russian car, generally only works if you push it.
Once a wise individual said, Fascism should more appropriately be called Corporatism because it is a merger of state and corporate power.
Once a wise individual said, Chaotic people often have chaotic lives, and I think they create that. But if you try and have an inner peace and a positive attitude, I think you attract that.
Once a wise individual said, The work an unknown good man has done is like a vein of water flowing hidden underground, secretly making the ground green.
Once a wise individual said, Yet for my part, deeply as I am moved by the religious architecture of the Middle Ages, I cannot honestly say that I ever felt the slightest emotion in any modern Gothic church.
Once a wise individual said, I have nothing to hide in art. The initial force alone can bring anyone to the end he must attain.
Once a wise individual said, Most of the people I know who work out seriously do so because they have such an amazing outlook on life. To be who I want to be, I'm going to work out to be more positive, more active. It's proactive.
Once a wise individual said, There are those who look at things the way they are, and ask why... I dream of things that never were, and ask why not?
Once a wise individual said, I'm sick of just liking people. I wish to God I could meet somebody I could respect.
Once a wise individual said, We are not coaching on a daily basis because we often travel with our charity and commercial interests.
Once a wise individual said, But men are men the best sometimes forget.
Once a wise individual said, I met Prince William at a musical festival and he let me know he was a fan of my music. But the invitation to sing at his wedding reception came completely out of the blue. The fact that Kate and William knew the words to my songs was very touching.
Once a wise individual said, My father was a Catholic, but my mother wasn't. She had to do that weird deal you do as a Catholic - they deign to sanction your marriage and you have to bring your children up as Catholics.
Once a wise individual said, The time is now for Congress to address health care in America.
Once a wise individual said, When you go visiting countries, you start reading the history of the place and you start getting into the culture, and then you have to leave. In my experience, all countries have hidden treasures.
Once a wise individual said, If a person doesn't change, there's something really wrong with him.
Once a wise individual said, Life levels all men. Death reveals the eminent.
Once a wise individual said, The communication is in the work and words are no substitute for this.
Once a wise individual said, My movies are unadorned, they're not particularly fancy, I think they're kind of workmanlike in some ways, focusing on the writing and the acting.
Once a wise individual said, My philosophy from day one is that I can sleep better at night if I can improve an individual's knowledge about food and wine, and do it on a daily basis.
Once a wise individual said, The object of my relationship with Vietnam has been to heal the wounds that exist, particularly among our veterans, and to move forward with a positive relationship,... Apparently some in the Vietnamese government don't want to do that and that's their decision.
Once a wise individual said, I can't remember a major league game where I could make eye contact with my dad. I kept wondering if he was going to yell at me for hanging a pitch or something.
Once a wise individual said, I still believe that capitalism is too harsh and I believe that, even within that, there is a lot of satisfaction and beauty if you happen to be one of the lucky ones, although that doesn't eradicate the reality of the suffering. It's all true at once, kind of humming and sublime.
Once a wise individual said, I'd maybe done about 12 movies when I decided that this was what I was going to do.
Once a wise individual said, Peace comes when you talk to the guy you most hate. And that's where the courage of a leader comes, because when you sit down with your enemy, you as a leader must already have very considerable confidence from your own constituency.
Once a wise individual said, My mother listened to all the news from the camp during the strike. She said little, especially when my father or the men who worked for him were about I remember her instinctive and unhesitating sympathy for the miners.
Once a wise individual said, World War II was the last government program that really worked.
Once a wise individual said, People will generally accept facts as truth only if the facts agree with what they already believe.
Once a wise individual said, Perhaps the prevalence of pedantry may be largely accounted for by the common error of thinking that, because useful knowledge should be remembered, any kind of knowledge that is at all worth learning should be remembered too.
Once a wise individual said, Not one Republican president has balanced the budget in 34 years. You can not trust Republicans with your money.
Once a wise individual said, Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.
Once a wise individual said, The sea is everything. It covers seven tenths of the terrestrial globe. Its breath is pure and healthy. It is an immense desert, where man is never lonely, for he feels life stirring on all sides.
Once a wise individual said, I'm at the age where food has taken the place of sex in my life. In fact, I've just had a mirror put over my kitchen table.
Once a wise individual said, Meet some people who care about poetry the way you do. You'll have that readership. Keep going until you know you're doing work that's worthy. And then see what happens. That's my advice.
Once a wise individual said, Religion is part of the human make-up. It's also part of our cultural and intellectual history. Religion was our first attempt at literature, the texts, our first attempt at cosmology, making sense of where we are in the universe, our first attempt at health care, believing in faith healing, our first attempt at philosophy.
Once a wise individual said, House and Senate Republicans are now united in adopting earmark bans. We hope President Obama will follow through on his support for an earmark ban by pressing Democratic leaders to join House and Senate Republicans in taking this critical step to restore public trust.
Once a wise individual said, I've seen country music go uptown, like we say, and I'm proud I was there when it happened.
Once a wise individual said, Uh, I just had an operation last March which was rather serious and I'm recuperating now. I'm on a very bland diet. But, uh, I'm lucky, I was just lucky, that's all.
Once a wise individual said, I want my fans to love themselves. It's almost like I want to hypnotize them so when they hear my music they love themselves instantly.
Once a wise individual said, Prevention is one of the few known ways to reduce demand for health and aged care services.
Once a wise individual said, The close relationship between railroad expansion and the genera development and prosperity of the country is nowhere brought more distinctly into relief than in connection with the construction of the Pacific railroads.
Once a wise individual said, I do insist on making what I hope is sense so there's always a coherent narrative or argument that the reader can follow.
Once a wise individual said, Lying just for the fun of it is either art or pathology.
Once a wise individual said, Never play cards with a man called Doc. Never eat at a place called Mom's. Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own.
Once a wise individual said, But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine.
Once a wise individual said, All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time.
Once a wise individual said, As soon as I get my car I think I'll be going to the cinema more. Since I don't go very often, there are no films that are a must see at the moment. I usually wait till they come out on DVD.
Once a wise individual said, We are all hungry and thirsty for concrete images. Abstract art will have been good for one thing: to restore its exact virginity to figurative art.
Once a wise individual said, Love is more pleasant than marriage for the same reason that novels are more amusing than history.
Once a wise individual said, Science is built up of facts, as a house is with stones. But a collection of facts is no more a science than a heap of stones is a house.
Once a wise individual said, Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death?
Once a wise individual said, I've been watching more American TV because of all the great TV series that have come out in the last five to 10 years. I'm a 'Sopranos' fan, I'm a 'Wire' fan, I'm a 'Mad Men' fan. I'm a 'Deadwood' fan. It makes me optimistic for the future of storytelling on TV that producers are willing to take that kind of jump.
Once a wise individual said, Let not him who is houseless pull down the house of another, but let him work diligently and build one for himself, thus by example assuring that his own shall be safe from violence when built.
Once a wise individual said, The moment you cheat for the sake of beauty, you know you're an artist.
Once a wise individual said, What I got which was unusual, especially as a child actress, was parents who believed that Hollywood was not that important. They told us education, family, health, all come first and they meant it.
Once a wise individual said, The great danger for family life, in the midst of any society whose idols are pleasure, comfort and independence, lies in the fact that people close their hearts and become selfish.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom in art, freedom in society, this is the double goal towards which all consistent and logical minds must strive.
Once a wise individual said, All the songs I write are about human dynamics, whether it's with girlfriends, boyfriends, or family.
Once a wise individual said, I took a gamble to exercise leadership without losing my feminine nature.
Once a wise individual said, I have an amazing relationship with my wife, but sometimes there are arguments. It happens.
Once a wise individual said, If you read back in the Bible, the letter of the apostle Paul to the church of Thessalonia, he said that in the latter days before the end of the age that the Earth would be caught up in what he called the birth pangs of a new order.
Once a wise individual said, Obama has no solutions. Obama has failed the country and its great citizens, and they don't like it when somebody such as myself speaks the truth about this - it hurts too much.
Once a wise individual said, The aggressive, unprovoked acts of violence against Israel by Hezbollah and Hamas are revealing. It is clear they don't want peace, but rather seek the ultimate destruction of Israel.
Once a wise individual said, I really wouldn't want to live in America. I found New York claustrophobic and dirty. I missed England when I was there, simple things like smells and the British sense of humor.
Once a wise individual said, It's plain hokum. If you can't convince 'em, confuse 'em. It's an old political trick. But this time it won't work.
Once a wise individual said, Not the power to remember, but its very opposite, the power to forget, is a necessary condition for our existence.
Once a wise individual said, Anyone who thinks there's safety in numbers hasn't looked at the stock market pages.
Once a wise individual said, I find myself going to places where I really have no business, speaking to these people in a whole other field that I have no extensive knowledge of. But I do it very often because it scares me.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes you can't prioritise family and you feel guilty.
Once a wise individual said, It is hard, I submit, to loathe bloodshed, including war, more than I do, but it is still harder to exceed my loathing of the very nature of totalitarian states in which massacre is only an administrative detail.
Once a wise individual said, A family on the throne is an interesting idea. It brings down the pride of sovereignty to the level of petty life.
Once a wise individual said, In this world it is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.
Once a wise individual said, The only justification for repressive institutions is material and cultural deficit. But such institutions, at certain stages of history, perpetuate and produce such a deficit, and even threaten human survival.
Once a wise individual said, The human foot is a masterpiece of engineering and a work of art.
Once a wise individual said, I am an optimist, unrepentant and militant. After all, in order not to be a fool an optimist must know how sad a place the world can be. It is only the pessimist who finds this out anew every day.
Once a wise individual said, The impetus behind going to graduate school was a year after graduating from college spent in Dallas working at the dog food factory and Bank America and not having met success in my chosen field, which at that point was being an actress.
Once a wise individual said, A man who is good enough to shed his blood for the country is good enough to be given a square deal afterwards.
Once a wise individual said, For my convalescence, I had to exercise my voice only with vowels. It is a medical rule after a long loss of voice.
Once a wise individual said, Success is survival.
Once a wise individual said, It is by its promise of a sense of power that evil often attracts the weak.
Once a wise individual said, The ability to take pleasure in one's life is a skill and is a kind of intelligence. So intelligence is a hard thing to evaluate and it manifests itself in so many different ways. I do think the ability to know how to live a life and not be miserable is a sign of that.
Once a wise individual said, Religious freedom opens a door for Americans that is closed to too many others around the world. But whether we walk through that door, and what we do with our lives after we do, is up to us.
Once a wise individual said, Educational equality doesn't guarantee equality on the labor market. Even the most developed countries are not gender-equal. There are still glass ceilings and 'leaky pipelines' that prevent women from getting ahead in the workplace.
Once a wise individual said, Imagination has brought mankind through the dark ages to its present state of civilization. Imagination led Columbus to discover America. Imagination led Franklin to discover electricity.
Once a wise individual said, Bondage is of the mind freedom too is of the mind. If you say 'I am a free soul. I am a son of God who can bind me' free you shall be.
Once a wise individual said, The way I see it, you should live everyday like its your birthday.
Once a wise individual said, It's fun being in Islamic countries, to know there's only one religion. There's order. You wear a burqa. There's no choice. People are happy with that.
Once a wise individual said, I think in conventional magazine wisdom, you need to have a redesign every decade or so.
Once a wise individual said, I look back on my life like a good day's work, it was done and I am satisfied with it.
Once a wise individual said, That man is a creature who needs order yet yearns for change is the creative contradiction at the heart of the laws which structure his conformity and define his deviancy.
Once a wise individual said, Most people like to read about intrigue and spies. I hope to provide a metaphor for the average reader's daily life. Most of us live in a slightly conspiratorial relationship with our employer and perhaps with our marriage.
Once a wise individual said, It sounds like something from a Woody Guthrie song, but it's true I was raised in a freight car.
Once a wise individual said, The very fact that we are having a national conversation about what we should eat, that we are struggling with the question about what the best diet is, is symptomatic of how far we have strayed from the natural conditions that gave rise to our species, from the simple act of eating real, whole, fresh food.
Once a wise individual said, It's hard to tell how far women's individuality has come in the past twenty years.
Once a wise individual said, When people meet me, many times they're very surprised because they expect someone who is kind of wacky with seven piercings and very hip and cool and New York City, and I'm not.
Once a wise individual said, The Constitution was written by 55 educated and highly intelligent men in Philadelphia in 1787, but it was written so that it could be understood by people of limited education and modest intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, When bad men combine, the good must associate else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle.
Once a wise individual said, Is there no Latin word for Tea? Upon my soul, if I had known that I would have let the vulgar stuff alone.
Once a wise individual said, Art is like a border of flowers along the course of civilization.
Once a wise individual said, Never try to impress a woman, because if you do she'll expect you to keep up the standard for the rest of your life.
Once a wise individual said, Parking is a nightmare for me... I still have sensors on my car that help me park.
Once a wise individual said, But I think it is a serious issue to wonder about the other platonic absolutes of say beauty and morality.
Once a wise individual said, Come forth into the light of things, let nature be your teacher.
Once a wise individual said, Why do you think the old stories tell of men who set out on great journeys to impress the gods? Because trying to impress people just isn't worth the time and effort.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a fan of horrors. I love the ones that make you jump. My girlfriend hates it. I've been dating her for one-and-a-half years and I'm crazy about her, but she's terrified of horror films. Not the cute 'Will you hold me?' way, but she's weeping. With 'House of Wax,' we'll be sleeping and I'll go to the bathroom and she's sitting up waiting for me.
Once a wise individual said, Sabbath - a weekly festival having its origin in the fact that God made the world in six days and was arrested on the seventh.
Once a wise individual said, I tend to start at 9 o'clock in the morning and write until 3. Those are my best hours. They fit the other rhythms of the world. So I write for six hours, pretty much without any breaks.
Once a wise individual said, Don't simply retire from something have something to retire to.
Once a wise individual said, Peace is not the product of a victory or a command. It has no finishing line, no final deadline, no fixed definition of achievement. Peace is a never-ending process, the work of many decisions.
Once a wise individual said, I got the wake-up call that no one is policing our oceans. I wondered, how can I do anything? What really can I do to make things better? There are some perks to being a celebrity. My job is to be funny once in a while, but it's my responsibility to make good use of it.
Once a wise individual said, The cultural expectation should be if there's infidelity, the marriage is more important than fidelity.
Once a wise individual said, The demographic weight of countries such as China and India exercise a massive pressure on our wages and salaries. They have accomplished massive technological advances and the revolution in information technology has reduced the costs of transport.
Once a wise individual said, I love inventive food, but I want the classic dishes to taste like how I remember them. I get a little bummed out when there is too much fancy stuff going on and it doesn't resemble the original dish at all.
Once a wise individual said, Going to church doesn't make you any more a Christian than going to the garage makes you a car.
Once a wise individual said, Imagination is a poor matter when it has to part company with understanding.
Once a wise individual said, Religion enabled society to organise itself to debate goodness, just as Greek drama had once done.
Once a wise individual said, I like fantasy. I like horror, science fiction because I can get avant-garde with those performances in those movies.
Once a wise individual said, I have the most respect for Zach Woodlee. He is one of my favorite - and one of the most capable - choreographers out there right now.
Once a wise individual said, User-centered design means working with your users all throughout the project.
Once a wise individual said, When it is not in our power to follow what is true, we ought to follow what is most probable.
Once a wise individual said, I hope we never get to the point that we put ourselves in Jesus' place. But when I read the New Testament basically, we get three mandates: to love God, to love each other, and to take care of the least among us. And I think this is at least a step in the right direction.
Once a wise individual said, A poet's autobiography is his poetry. Anything else is just a footnote.
Once a wise individual said, No man is ever old enough to know better.
Once a wise individual said, Success is the sweetest revenge.
Once a wise individual said, Everybody gets typecast in movies, but you have to make wise choices. I'd say around 90 percent of movie casting is about the way you look, so you have to fight that. If producers had their way, I'd only be in action films, but I'm interested in a more varied career than that.
Once a wise individual said, It has been argued that British girls are incapable of deep feeling or brilliant acting owing to their lack of temperament. This, I am positive, is not true.
Once a wise individual said, Even when you're making a movie about life, death is a presence, and I guess it's part of my dramatic viewpoint. I'm not sure why exactly. Maybe I'm drawn to it as a story element.
Once a wise individual said, What we become depends on what we read after all of the professors have finished with us. The greatest university of all is a collection of books.
Once a wise individual said, Nature that framed us of four elements, warring within our breasts for regiment, doth teach us all to have aspiring minds.
Once a wise individual said, I learn something not because I have to, but because I really want to. That's the same view I have for performing. I'm performing because I really want to, not because I have to bring bread back home.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not claiming divinity. I've never claimed purity of soul. I've never claimed to have the answers to life. I only put out songs and answer questions as honestly as I can... But I still believe in peace, love and understanding.
Once a wise individual said, I've always believed that there are funny people everywhere, but they're just not comedians. In fact, some of my best comedic inspirations were not professional entertainers.
Once a wise individual said, There have been many great men that have flattered the people who ne'er loved them.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think of death in a romantic way anymore.
Once a wise individual said, Removing the faults in a stage-coach may produce a perfect stage-coach, but it is unlikely to produce the first motor car.
Once a wise individual said, Krishna children were taught that in the spiritual world there were no parents, only souls and hence this justified their being kept out of view from others, cloistered in separate buildings and sheltered from the evil material world.
Once a wise individual said, Our attitudes control our lives. Attitudes are a secret power working twenty-four hours a day, for good or bad. It is of paramount importance that we know how to harness and control this great force.
Once a wise individual said, Doctors, dressed up in one professional costume or another, have been in busy practice since the earliest records of every culture on earth. It is hard to think of a more dependable or enduring occupation, harder still to imagine any future events leading to its extinction.
Once a wise individual said, If Ralph Nader runs, President Bush is going to be re-elected, and if Ralph Nader doesn't run, President Bush is going to be re-elected. We're going to run on the president's strong and principled leadership and his positive agenda for a second term.
Once a wise individual said, Dream small dreams. If you make them too big, you get overwhelmed and you don't do anything. If you make small goals and accomplish them, it gives you the confidence to go on to higher goals.
Once a wise individual said, It seems a long time since the morning mail could be called correspondence.
Once a wise individual said, And like I say, I think we've got other cases other than Iraq. I do not think the problem of global proliferation of weapons technology of mass destruction is going to go away, and that's why I think it is an urgent issue.
Once a wise individual said, Trust is the first step to love.
Once a wise individual said, In principle if I could not have a home I wouldn't. But not having a home would be too difficult procedurally, going from hotel to hotel, the gap of three hours where you're hungry and tired.
Once a wise individual said, Our civilization is now in the transition stage between the age of warring empires and a new age of world unity and peace.
Once a wise individual said, The great danger for family life, in the midst of any society whose idols are pleasure, comfort and independence, lies in the fact that people close their hearts and become selfish.
Once a wise individual said, I think if there's something one needs to change with oneself, it doesn't have to happen in the New Year. You can do that any time you please - not that it's not a good inspirational tactic for the people that it works for.
Once a wise individual said, If the history of the past fifty years teaches us anything, it is that peace does not follow disarmament - disarmament follows peace.
Once a wise individual said, Any agreement that you have isn't going to be based on North Korea's intentions or trust.
Once a wise individual said, Well, there's different shades of Hollywood, sure. I mean, I'm working in this business but I'm not Hollywood.
Once a wise individual said, I won't undertake war until I have tried all the arts and means of peace.
Once a wise individual said, I grew up doing all that stuff because I was obsessed with the '50s. I had sock hops for birthday parties. So I've always done The Twist and stuff. It was pretty natural and, with my parents doing it all the time, I'd just copy them. Not very pretty.
Once a wise individual said, A society that does not correctly interpret and appreciate its past cannot understand its present fortunes and adversities and can be caught unawares in a fast changing world.
Once a wise individual said, Science fiction writers, I am sorry to say, really do not know anything. We can't talk about science, because our knowledge of it is limited and unofficial, and usually our fiction is dreadful.
Once a wise individual said, It is the great sadness of our species that we have not found a way to eliminate the conflict and to eliminate violence as a device to resolve our conflicts throughout the entire history of the human race.
Once a wise individual said, A crust eaten in peace is better than a banquet partaken in anxiety.
Once a wise individual said, Because sorry to say, women run the house. They run the family. They hold things up. I mean, it's like you don't ever see your mom get sick because she handles everything. And it's kind of amazing I think to show people just how strong women are.
Once a wise individual said, The learned is happy, nature to explore The fool is happy, that he knows no more.
Once a wise individual said, However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship.
Once a wise individual said, We know that communication must be hampered, and its form largely determined, by the unconscious but inevitable influence of a transmitting mechanism, whether that be of a merely mechanical or of a physiological character.
Once a wise individual said, Intelligence agencies keep things secret because they often violate the rule of law or of good behavior.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness is the natural flower of duty.
Once a wise individual said, When the principles that run against your deepest convictions begin to win the day, then the battle is your calling, and peace has become sin. You must at the price of dearest peace lay your convictions bare before friend and enemy with all the fire of your faith.
Once a wise individual said, A belief in God is vitally important, not just in show business, but stability in life. You know, to recognize deity is the most important thing that you can do. I mean, it comes to the Ten Commandments. They weren't ten suggestions. They were Ten Commandments.
Once a wise individual said, Look up, laugh loud, talk big, keep the color in your cheek and the fire in your eye, adorn your person, maintain your health, your beauty and your animal spirits.
Once a wise individual said, Treasure your relationships, not your possessions.
Once a wise individual said, Baseball just a came as simple as a ball and bat. Yet, as complex as the American spirit it symbolizes. A sport, a business and sometimes almost even a religion.
Once a wise individual said, I feel like a hostage to fortune. Not that I am complaining. I wanted to play the role. But in truth I didn't think the show would be such a success. OK, I thought it would fail. Not because it was bad. I was confident it was good, but plenty of good things just sort of wither on the vine.
Once a wise individual said, Thank God men cannot fly, and lay waste the sky as well as the earth.
Once a wise individual said, The chief duty of government is to keep the peace and stand out of the sunshine of the people.
Once a wise individual said, It is imperative for the health and safety of millions of workers that we ensure that breathing systems needed for protection are widely available, convenient and economical.
Once a wise individual said, Sixth grade was a big time, in my childhood, of hoops and friendship, and coming up with funny things.
Once a wise individual said, Leaders must encourage their organizations to dance to forms of music yet to be heard.
Once a wise individual said, I hope everyone that is reading this is having a really good day. And if you are not, just know that in every new minute that passes you have an opportunity to change that.
Once a wise individual said, The secret of happiness is to find a congenial monotony.
Once a wise individual said, Respect for another man's opinion is worthy. It is the realization that any opinion is valuable, for it is the sign of a rational being.
Once a wise individual said, There must be freedom for all to live, to think, to worship, no book, no avenue must be closed.
Once a wise individual said, Failure seldom stops you. What stops you is the fear of failure.
Once a wise individual said, I think fashion is a lot of fun. I love clothes. More than fashion or brand labels, I love design. I love the thought that people put into clothes. I love when clothes make cultural statements and I think personal style is really cool. I also freely recognize that fashion should be a hobby.
Once a wise individual said, On the one hand, I've had such a normal upbringing with my mum, who has kept me grounded, but on the other, the wild experiences through my dad.
Once a wise individual said, Through travel I first became aware of the outside world it was through travel that I found my own introspective way into becoming a part of it.
Once a wise individual said, I don't believe in depriving myself of any food or being imprisoned by a diet.
Once a wise individual said, Well, Judy, I would hope in the new year, we could start thinking about politics not like it was the Super Bowl, where you always have to have one team that wins and the other team has to be a loser.
Once a wise individual said, Very often a change of self is needed more than a change of scene.
Once a wise individual said, TV is so different from the movies. It takes a lot of stamina because you work such long hours. It is really challenging. You are learning the next day's lines while you are shooting today's scenes. I found courage I never realised I had. I hope to do more.
Once a wise individual said, My life isn't that dramatic. My dad really loves me, he just can't talk on the phone. He's too crippled and shy, and that's almost harder. He's there and he loves me, and I try and try and try, it's just impossible to have a relationship.
Once a wise individual said, I think my passion is misinterpreted as anger sometimes. And I don't think people are ready for the message that I'm delivering, and delivering with a sense of violent love.
Once a wise individual said, Never forget that the most powerful force on earth is love.
Once a wise individual said, Have you ever wondered why young people take to music like fish to water? Maybe it's because music is fun. Plan and simple. It opens up their minds to dream great dreams about where they can go and what they can do when they get older.
Once a wise individual said, I think it's a terrible shame that politics has become show business.
Once a wise individual said, It's been such a deep and amazing journey for me, getting close to John Keats, and also I love Shelley and Byron. I mean, the thing about the Romantic poets is that they've got the epitaph of romantic posthumously. They all died really young, and Keats, the youngest of them all.
Once a wise individual said, It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else.
Once a wise individual said, Obviously, I come from one background, and the people that design fitness equipment have been doing it for years and years, and they know what works and doesn't work.
Once a wise individual said, And let me make this very clear - unlike President Obama, I will not raise taxes on the middle class. As president, I will protect the sanctity of life. I will honor the institution of marriage. And I will guarantee America's first liberty: the freedom of religion.
Once a wise individual said, I don't want to tell your story because you're a insensitive, self-centered moron. I've told a lot of stories about young people, and I always feel there's hope.
Once a wise individual said, It is always with excitement that I wake up in the morning wondering what my intuition will toss up to me, like gifts from the sea. I work with it and rely on it. It's my partner.
Once a wise individual said, Do you realize if it weren't for Edison we'd be watching TV by candlelight?
Once a wise individual said, In all history there is no war which was not hatched by the governments, the governments alone, independent of the interests of the people, to whom war is always pernicious even when successful.
Once a wise individual said, I've always considered myself to be fiercely patriotic. I love Britain - its history and the down-to-earth attitude people have.
Once a wise individual said, And it was a great experience, you know, to travel the world and compete at a certain level. It teaches you discipline, focus, and certainly keeps you out of trouble.
Once a wise individual said, My mind rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse cryptogram, or the most intricate analysis, and I am in my own proper atmosphere. But I abhor the dull routine of existence. I crave for mental exaltation.
Once a wise individual said, Amin knew that neither West nor East would criticize him for fear that he would support the other side. He felt he was untouchable and he said so openly.
Once a wise individual said, Most people are really stunned to find out that the technology has been around for more than 100 years, and that the diesel engine was in fact invented to run on vegetable oil.
Once a wise individual said, This is the pain pacemaker. I've got a battery under my skin. From that battery are two electrodes that go into the spine where they cut bone away to accommodate it. Now I put on the power here. If I have the pain, the stimulator starts. It's tingling, like when your foot falls asleep, you know?
Once a wise individual said, Science is the systematic classification of experience.
Once a wise individual said, I do have my ducks in line if I want to do it, but I'd love to see the Republicans pick somebody that was going to win and take over this country and frankly, to use the expression, 'Make America great again.'
Once a wise individual said, Our Founding Fathers crafted a constitutional Republic for the first time in the history of the world because they were shaping a form of government that would not have the failures of a democracy in it, but had the representation of democracy in it.
Once a wise individual said, As I understand it, sport is hard work for which you do not get paid.
Once a wise individual said, The Creator has not thought proper to mark those in the forehead who are of stuff to make good generals. We are first, therefore, to seek them blindfold, and then let them learn the trade at the expense of great losses.
Once a wise individual said, Being a biological mother just isn't part of my experience this time around. However, I am a mother who continues to give birth to ideas and ways of experiencing life that challenge the norm.
Once a wise individual said, Certain it is that a great responsibility rests upon the statesmen of all nations, not only to fulfill the promises for reduction in armaments, but to maintain the confidence of the people of the world in the hope of an enduring peace.
Once a wise individual said, I suppose not everyone has a dad who wrote a book saying he didn't believe in the Parliamentary road to socialism.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness is no laughing matter.
Once a wise individual said, The problem is that borrowing money to pay back more borrowed money that will oblige you in the future to borrow even more money doesn't sound kosher. Because it isn't.
Once a wise individual said, It's very attractive to people to be a victim. Instead of having to think out the whole situation, about history and your group and what you are doing... if you begin from the point of view of being a victim, you've got it half-made. I mean intellectually.
Once a wise individual said, I got the chance to do things that I dreamed of when I was a kid: I got to travel around the world I had my own 'Goosebumps' attraction at Disney World I've been on TV and had three TV series.
Once a wise individual said, This CD became something of a personal journey for me. The tone of the whole CD is uplifting and inspirational. It's an upper. We have enough downers in the world.
Once a wise individual said, That's what I love. Not being interrupted, sitting in a car by myself and listening to music in the rain. There are so many great songs yet to sing.
Once a wise individual said, I live alone, with cats, books, pictures, fresh vegetables to cook, the garden, the hens to feed.
Once a wise individual said, Well, the first thing is that truth and power for me form an antithesis, an antagonism, which will hardly ever be resolved. I can define in fact, can simplify the history of human society, the evolution of human society, as a contest between power and freedom.
Once a wise individual said, Most of the change we think we see in life is due to truths being in and out of favor.
Once a wise individual said, How much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not afraid of death, but I'm in no hurry to die. I have so much I want to do first.
Once a wise individual said, When families are strong and stable, so are children - showing higher levels of wellbeing and more positive outcomes. But when things go wrong - either through family breakdown or a damaged parental relationship - the impact on a child's later life can be devastating.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom must be gained step by step, slowly. Freedom is a food which must be carefully administered when people are too hungry for it.
Once a wise individual said, There is nothing in the world of art like the songs mother used to sing.
Once a wise individual said, It is utterly false and cruelly arbitrary to put all the play and learning into childhood, all the work into middle age, and all the regrets into old age.
Once a wise individual said, I think one of my favorite things to do is just lock myself up in a small room and listen to music and watch films for a day. Also I just like seeing my friends. We have pizza parties which means I get four friends round, we eat a pizza and we're really lazy and we play PlayStation.
Once a wise individual said, Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control these three alone lead one to sovereign power.
Once a wise individual said, An aristocratic culture does not advertise its emotions. In its forms of expression it is sober and reserved. Its general attitude is stoic.
Once a wise individual said, The Internet has brought communities across the globe closer together through instant communication.
Once a wise individual said, I'm thankful for not ever taking anything illegal.
Once a wise individual said, I'm so grateful for what Disney gave me and the experiences that I got, but at the end of the day, I can do so much more than what I did on that channel and in those movies.
Once a wise individual said, I like to do something I fear.
Once a wise individual said, The current medical records system is this: Room after room after room in a hospital filled with paper files.
Once a wise individual said, We must rekindle the fire of idealism in our society.
Once a wise individual said, God is ever present. He's in every breath, in every step. He's here, always, always.
Once a wise individual said, I got a lot of things that society had promised would make me whole and fulfilled - all the things that the culture tells you from preschool on will quiet the throbbing anxiety inside you - stature, the respect of colleagues, maybe even a kind of low-grade fame.
Once a wise individual said, My mom and dad are both in stand-up comedy, so that's where I started, that's where I got everything. My roots are holding the mic.
Once a wise individual said, Work is a necessity for man. Man invented the alarm clock.
Once a wise individual said, Amidst all the clutter, beyond all the obstacles, aside from all the static, are the goals set. Put your head down, do the best job possible, let the flak pass, and work towards those goals.
Once a wise individual said, We've finally told the world that this is sports entertainment, and I think one of the best forms of entertainment is anything that's fun or funny, something that you really enjoy watching or listening to.
Once a wise individual said, About astrology and palmistry: they are good because they make people vivid and full of possibilities. They are communism at its best. Everybody has a birthday and almost everybody has a palm.
Once a wise individual said, We all know how powerful the web can be for raising political money. Well, if you're game, the Duke Cunningham Legal Defense Fund is apparently ready to accept your donation.
Once a wise individual said, Since graduation, I have measured time in 4-by-5-inch pieces of paper, four days on the left and three on the right. Every social engagement, interview, reading, flight, doctor's appointment, birthday and dry-cleaning reminder has been handwritten between metal loops.
Once a wise individual said, When prayer removes distrust and doubt and enters the field of mental certainty, it becomes faith and the universe is built on faith.
Once a wise individual said, There is nothing that fear and hope does not permit men to do.
Once a wise individual said, Government is an evil it is only the thoughtlessness and vices of men that make it a necessary evil. When all men are good and wise, government will of itself decay.
Once a wise individual said, The double hundred Fowler hit in the Madras Test was an absolute beauty.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of people do not muster the courage to live their dreams because they are afraid to die.
Once a wise individual said, They've just gone over the line in my opinion, and again, there's a proper time for a pat down, there's a proper time for an advanced technology body search, but it has to be done with some thought.
Once a wise individual said, The processes of teaching the child that everything cannot be as he wills it are apt to be painful both to him and to his teacher.
Once a wise individual said, Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.
Once a wise individual said, Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary.
Once a wise individual said, I wasn't smart enough to read relationship books when I was coming up. I learned everything the hard way.
Once a wise individual said, Meditation while walking has a long, noble history in ancient spiritual disciplines.
Once a wise individual said, In a movie like this, the relationship between the two guys is crucial. It sinks or swims on how these two guys are together. I think we did a good job.
Once a wise individual said, Mental agitations and eating cares are more injurious to health, and destructive of life, than is commonly imagined, and could their effects be collected, would make no inconsiderable figure in the bills of mortality.
Once a wise individual said, Since graduation, I have measured time in 4-by-5-inch pieces of paper, four days on the left and three on the right. Every social engagement, interview, reading, flight, doctor's appointment, birthday and dry-cleaning reminder has been handwritten between metal loops.
Once a wise individual said, Whatever is received is received according to the nature of the recipient.
Once a wise individual said, Good satire comes from anger. It comes from a sense of injustice, that there are wrongs in the world that need to be fixed. And what better place to get that well of venom and outrage boiling than a newsroom, because you're on the front lines.
Once a wise individual said, People will tell you anything but what they do is always the truth.
Once a wise individual said, In the business world today, failure is apparently not an option. We need to change this attitude toward failure - and celebrate the idea that only by falling on our collective business faces do we learn enough to succeed down the road.
Once a wise individual said, A desire to be in charge of our own lives, a need for control, is born in each of us. It is essential to our mental health, and our success, that we take control.
Once a wise individual said, And, we have no such thing as a budget anymore. Our manager freaks when we show him the bill. We're lavish to the bone, but all our money goes back into the product.
Once a wise individual said, Our age knows nothing but reaction, and leaps from one extreme to another.
Once a wise individual said, Auto racing is boring except when a car is going at least 172 miles per hour upside down.
Once a wise individual said, It takes a lot of courage to face up to things you can't do because we feed ourselves so much denial.
Once a wise individual said, Motherhood is at its best when the tender chords of sympathy have been touched.
Once a wise individual said, Saw a wedding in the church. It was strange to see what delight we married people have to see these poor fools decoyed into our condition.
Once a wise individual said, Right now, I'm as single as a slice of American cheese.
Once a wise individual said, Why are women... so much more interesting to men than men are to women?
Once a wise individual said, In a state therefore of great equality and virtue, where pure and simple manners prevailed, the increase of the human species would evidently be much greater than any increase that has been hitherto known.
Once a wise individual said, The year I was born, 1956, was the peak year for babies being born, and there are more people essentially our age than anybody else. We could crush these new generations if we decided too.
Once a wise individual said, All mankind... being all equal and independent, no one ought to harm another in his life, health, liberty or possessions.
Once a wise individual said, I wrote somewhere during the Cold War that I sometimes wish the Iron Curtain were much taller than it is, so that you could see whether the development of science with no communication was parallel on the two sides. In this case it certainly wasn't.
Once a wise individual said, Hope can be the most wonderful thing in the world or it can crush your heart like an eggshell.
Once a wise individual said, No one can train you to be famous. How do you deal with the loss of anonymity, the loss of privacy? You have to be disciplined.
Once a wise individual said, Ultimately life is disease, death and oblivion. It's still better than high school.
Once a wise individual said, Whenever I'm in theatre situations I will go out of my way not to talk about my father, but in the film world I can be really proud of my family and say, 'You know what: my dad's a really, really famous theatre director,' because nobody has any idea.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom prospers when religion is vibrant and the rule of law under God is acknowledged.
Once a wise individual said, We are driven by five genetic needs: survival, love and belonging, power, freedom, and fun.
Once a wise individual said, Of all our possessions, wisdom alone is imortal.
Once a wise individual said, In addition, I'll be attending women's health expos and medical conferences with the goal to promote dialogue between women and their health-care providers.
Once a wise individual said, I love women, but I feel like you can't trust some of them. Some of them are liars, you know? Like I was in the park and I met this girl, she was cute and she had a dog. And I went up to her, we started talking. She told me her dog's name. Then I said, 'Does he bite?' She said, 'No.' And I said, 'Oh yeah? Then how does he eat?' Liar.
Once a wise individual said, I look only to the good qualities of men. Not being faultless myself, I won't presume to probe into the faults of others.
Once a wise individual said, Completeness? Happiness? These words don't come close to describing my emotions. There truly is nothing I can say to capture what motherhood means to me, particularly given my medical history.
Once a wise individual said, The average Nigerian person has come to reconcile himself with the fact that his or her social progress remain essentially in his or her hands in collaboration with other fellow Nigerians and not merely relying on what government alone could provide for him or her.
Once a wise individual said, The terrifying and edible beauty of Art Nouveau architecture.
Once a wise individual said, The secrets of success are a good wife and a steady job. My wife told me.
Once a wise individual said, I'm against big bureaucracy in Washington making health care decisions. I just have an aversion to bureaucrats. But it's not just government bureaucrats. I don't like HMO bureaucrats and insurance company bureaucrats either.
Once a wise individual said, There was a moment in my life when I really wanted to kill myself. And there was one other moment when I was close to that. But even in my most jaded times, I had some hope.
Once a wise individual said, Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
Once a wise individual said, If my world were to cave in tomorrow, I would look back on all the pleasures, excitements and worthwhilenesses I have been lucky enough to have had. Not the sadness, not my miscarriages or my father leaving home, but the joy of everything else. It will have been enough.
Once a wise individual said, A man must be both stupid and uncharitable who believes there is no virtue or truth but on his own side.
Once a wise individual said, Clearly older women and especially older women who have led an active life or elder women who successfully maneuver through their own family life have so much to teach us about sharing, patience, and wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, I have a respect for manners as such, they are a way of dealing with people you don't agree with or like.
Once a wise individual said, I'm substantially concerned about the policy directions of the space agency. We have a situation in the U.S. where the White House and Congress are at odds over what the future direction should be. They're sort of playing a game and NASA is the shuttlecock that they're hitting back and forth.
Once a wise individual said, Even today, in our progressive times, in most movies that come out, the men have to have biceps and the women have to be thin or something.
Once a wise individual said, Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now.
Once a wise individual said, I didn't get into this so I could talk about my work, my movies. You become an actor to act.
Once a wise individual said, One thing that makes France different from other countries is the tradition of social solidarity. People from all backgrounds and political positions are willing to contribute for services and protection of society as a whole - but on the condition that money is being spent effectively and that everyone is paying their part.
Once a wise individual said, I have witnessed the softening of the hardest of hearts by a simple smile.
Once a wise individual said, Wood burns because it has the proper stuff in it and a man becomes famous because he has the proper stuff in him.
Once a wise individual said, I think every chef, not just in America, but across the world, has a double-edged sword - two jackets, one that's driven, a self-confessed perfectionist, thoroughbred, hate incompetence and switch off the stove, take off the jacket and become a family man.
Once a wise individual said, God, make me so uncomfortable that I will do the very thing I fear.
Once a wise individual said, That is a secondary teacher conception - the writer as an observer.
Once a wise individual said, The atmosphere seems to change once the sun goes down and the race fans get to watch a good show.
Once a wise individual said, I emphasize self-esteem, self-confidence, and dignity, not as an ideal, but as a real test of community organization. Without leadership development, community organizations do not have staying power.
Once a wise individual said, A change in bad habits leads to a change in life.
Once a wise individual said, What the country needs are a few labor-making inventions.
Once a wise individual said, Whenever I watch TV and see those poor starving kids all over the world, I can't help but cry. I mean I'd love to be skinny like that, but not with all those flies and death and stuff.
Once a wise individual said, There are only two things a child will share willingly communicable diseases and its mother's age.
Once a wise individual said, Why do we capital-N Nerds love Mars so much? Because it's beautiful, it's tough, it's buried in our mythic, childhood memories. It's covered with human triumphs but also with sad stories of failure.
Once a wise individual said, Yet food is something that is taken for granted by most world leaders despite the fact that more than half of the population of the world is hungry.
Once a wise individual said, On balance, my life has been a constant stream of blessings rather than disappointments and failures and tragedies. I wish I had been re-elected. I think I could have kept our country at peace. I think I could have consolidated what we achieved at Camp David with a treaty between Israel and the Palestinians.
Once a wise individual said, Technology has to be invented or adopted.
Once a wise individual said, A man of great memory without learning hath a rock and a spindle and no staff to spin.
Once a wise individual said, Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
Once a wise individual said, I never gave up on country music because I knew what I was doing was not that bad.
Once a wise individual said, There are certain things in which mediocrity is not to be endured, such as poetry, music, painting, public speaking.
Once a wise individual said, If you seek Hamilton's monument, look around. You are living in it. We honor Jefferson, but live in Hamilton's country, a mighty industrial nation with a strong central government.
Once a wise individual said, I've played a lot of mothers in my movies.
Once a wise individual said, Technology may create a condition, but the questions are what do we do about ourselves. We better understand ourselves pretty clearly and we better find ways to like ourselves.
Once a wise individual said, I am just absolutely convinced that the best formula for giving us peace and preserving the American way of life is freedom, limited government, and minding our own business overseas.
Once a wise individual said, On a level of simple personal survival, understanding and forgiveness are crucial... whether in an intimate personal relationship or on a global level.
Once a wise individual said, I am suggesting that we recognize that in network and interface research there is something as profound (and potential wild) as Artificial Intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, What with making their way and enjoying what they have won, heroes have no time to think. But the sons of heroes - ah, they have all the necessary leisure.
Once a wise individual said, Diplomacy: the art of restraining power.
Once a wise individual said, Satisfaction consists in freedom from pain, which is the positive element of life.
Once a wise individual said, I do not believe that sheer suffering teaches. If suffering alone taught, all the world would be wise, since everyone suffers. To suffering must be added mourning, understanding, patience, love, openness and the willingness to remain vulnerable.
Once a wise individual said, I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.
Once a wise individual said, I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality... I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word.
Once a wise individual said, Since the presidency of Ronald Reagan, conservatives have succeeded by adhering to a platform that rests firmly on three legs: smaller government, faith and family, and a strong national defense. These three legs do not merely represent a political coalition they are three necessary components of a strong and secure America.
Once a wise individual said, People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.
Once a wise individual said, When I was first divorced, I started dating younger women, and it was really exciting. But after a while I was like, 'This is just dumb.'
Once a wise individual said, There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Once a wise individual said, The corruption of the best things gives rise to the worst.
Once a wise individual said, Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did.
Once a wise individual said, Without fullness of experience, length of days is nothing. When fullness of life has been achieved, shortness of days is nothing. That is perhaps why the young have usually so little fear of death they live by intensities that the elderly have forgotten.
Once a wise individual said, The best is the enemy of the good.
Once a wise individual said, I never worry about being driven to drink I just worry about being driven home.
Once a wise individual said, Most of the State of the Union will not be about Iraq. Most of the State of the Union will be about improving America's economy and providing greater access to health care for millions of American people, including senior citizens.
Once a wise individual said, It is great folly to wish to be wise all alone.
Once a wise individual said, I know the power obedience has of making things easy which seem impossible.
Once a wise individual said, Personally, I would sooner have written Alice in Wonderland than the whole Encyclopedia Britannica.
Once a wise individual said, The prospect of success in achieving our most cherished dream is not without its terrors. Who is more deprived and alone than the man who has achieved his dream?
Once a wise individual said, The worst thing I could be thinking is how could I be a cool bass player.
Once a wise individual said, I was lucky enough to be the lady that was asked to be Maria in the Sound Of Music, and that film was fortunate enough to be huge hit. The same with Mary Poppins. I got terribly lucky in that respect.
Once a wise individual said, But America was founded on the principle that every person has God-given rights. That power belongs to the people. That government exists to protect our rights and serve our interests.That we shouldn't be trapped in the circumstances of our birth. That we should be free to go as far as our talents and work can take us.
Once a wise individual said, If success is a habit, it is a hard one to acquire.
Once a wise individual said, Work hard. And have patience. Because no matter who you are, you're going to get hurt in your career and you have to be patient to get through the injuries.
Once a wise individual said, Once you go inside and weed through the muck, you will find the real beauty, the truth about yourself.
Once a wise individual said, Death may be the greatest of all human blessings.
Once a wise individual said, Here's the thing with me and the religious thing. This is the flat-out truth: I find the religiosity and philosophy in the music. I don't find it anywhere else.
Once a wise individual said, I can't cultivate a relationship with my child if it's between takes. I tried that on a movie and realized, 'This is not going to work.' It will work some of the year, but not 12 months a year.
Once a wise individual said, The reward of suffering is experience.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness depends more on how life strikes you than on what happens.
Once a wise individual said, I am an Episcopalian who takes the faith of my fathers seriously, and I would, I think, be disheartened if my own young children were to turn away from the church when they grow up. I am also a critic of Christianity, if by critic one means an observer who brings historical and literary judgment to bear on the texts and traditions of the church.
Once a wise individual said, If you think you can win, you can win. Faith is necessary to victory.
Once a wise individual said, The happiness of the bee and the dolphin is to exist. For man it is to know that and to wonder at it.
Once a wise individual said, To keep the record straight, it wasn't always John and Yoko. We've all accused one another of various business things we tend to be pretty paranoid by now, as you can imagine. There's a lot of money involved.
Once a wise individual said, I woke up full of hate and fear the day before the most recent peace march in San Francisco. This was disappointing: I'd hoped to wake up feeling somewhere between Virginia Woolf and Wavy Gravy.
Once a wise individual said, Be drawn to the visual arts for it can expand your imagination.
Once a wise individual said, I expect nothing. I fear no one. I am free.
Once a wise individual said, The most efficient way to live reasonably is every morning to make a plan of one's day and every night to examine the results obtained.
Once a wise individual said, It is a vain hope to make people happy by politics.
Once a wise individual said, We think of enterprise architecture as the process we use for fully describing and mapping business functionality and business requirements and relating them to information systems requirements.
Once a wise individual said, In opposition to this detachment, he finds an image of man which contains within itself man's dreams, man's illness, man's redemption from the misery of poverty - poverty which can no longer be for him a sign of the acceptance of life.
Once a wise individual said, I guess the two Manifesto, Communicating Vessels, Mad Love, and some of his poetry made a significant mark on me but as far as bringing a literary element into the music I see it as a much broader assimilation.
Once a wise individual said, Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art.
Once a wise individual said, With Napster and the sharing of music, of course, there are going to be people who exploit it. Greed has no end. But there's a lot of good that could happen. We shouldn't let the economic concerns of the major labels infringe on our freedom to share music.
Once a wise individual said, I see the Beijing National Stadium as an architectural project. I accepted Herzog and De Meuron's invitation to collaborate on the design, and our proposal won the competition. From beginning to end, I stayed with the project. I am committed to fostering relationships between a city and its architecture.
Once a wise individual said, My family and our neighbors and friends thought of Africa and its Africans as extensions of the stereotyped characters that we saw in movies and on television in films such as 'Tarzan' and in programs such as 'Ramar of the Jungle' and 'Sheena, Queen of the Jungle.'
Once a wise individual said, I had some of the students in my finance class actually do some empirical work on capital structures, to see if we could find any obvious patterns in the data, but we couldn't see any.
Once a wise individual said, That which you create in beauty and goodness and truth lives on for all time to come. Don't spend your life accumulating material objects that will only turn to dust and ashes.
Once a wise individual said, And I want to do it the right way, like everybody else, not just a famous figurehead that gets a job because he is a famous basketball player. I want to really learn the business.
Once a wise individual said, I guess because it feels more open, but I think being married is way sexier, because it's really like your soul partner in a permanent fashion, and then you strive for it to be something permanent, and that type of commitment and trust, if you can achieve it, is so good for the soul.
Once a wise individual said, The Web as I envisaged it, we have not seen it yet. The future is still so much bigger than the past.
Once a wise individual said, How poor are they that have not patience! What wound did ever heal but by degrees?
Once a wise individual said, Christmas albums are not something you do frequently.
Once a wise individual said, The problem with the future is that it keeps turning into the present.
Once a wise individual said, I'm blessed and I thank God for every day for everything that happens for me.
Once a wise individual said, If the views I have expressed be right, we can think of our civilization evolving with the growth of knowledge from small wandering tribes to large settled law.
Once a wise individual said, Nearly all the powerful people of this age are unbelievers, the best of them in doubt and misery, the most in plodding hesitation, doing as well as they can, what practical work lies at hand.
Once a wise individual said, We have one life it soon will be past what we do for God is all that will last.
Once a wise individual said, I have many valentines. My mom and my sister and my directors. I got calls from all of them. And my friends. I respect what Valentine's Day stands for because it is about love.
Once a wise individual said, What's missing is leadership in the White House. And the story that Barack Obama does tell, forever shifting blame to the last administration, is getting old. The man assumed office almost four years ago - isn't it about time he assumed responsibility?
Once a wise individual said, There are no morals about technology at all. Technology expands our ways of thinking about things, expands our ways of doing things. If we're bad people we use technology for bad purposes and if we're good people we use it for good purposes.
Once a wise individual said, Anyone can tell the truth, but only very few of us can make epigrams.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of people, including business leaders, think the future belongs to China. Globalization is not a zero-sum game, but we need to hone our skills to stay in play.
Once a wise individual said, Kisses are a better fate than wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, A film is a petrified fountain of thought.
Once a wise individual said, My parents divorced when I was young but I was brought up in two really loving households. I didn't have a contentious relationship with my mom or dad.
Once a wise individual said, It was my 16th birthday - my mom and dad gave me my Goya classical guitar that day. I sat down, wrote this song, and I just knew that that was the only thing I could ever really do - write songs and sing them to people.
Once a wise individual said, And let me tell you, you boys of America, that there is no higher inspiration to any man to be a good man, a good citizen, and a good son, brother, or father, than the knowledge that you come from honest blood.
Once a wise individual said, I think I'm too cynical for L.A. My sense of humor doesn't go down well here, which probably affects my love life. I need to have a laugh track following me around so people know I'm trying to be funny.
Once a wise individual said, Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.
Once a wise individual said, To 'choose' dogma and faith over doubt and experience is to throw out the ripening vintage and to reach greedily for the Kool-Aid.
Once a wise individual said, The absence of flaw in beauty is itself a flaw.
Once a wise individual said, If it is nothingness that awaits us, let us make an injustice of it let us fight against destiny, even though without hope of victory.
Once a wise individual said, The world's biggest power is the youth and beauty of a woman.
Once a wise individual said, God made everything out of nothing, but the nothingness shows through.
Once a wise individual said, Growing up in Nashville, especially in a music business family, means growing up with knowledge that seems like common sense until later in life when you realize people spend thousands of dollars a semester trying to learn or pretending to learn while looking for some intern job on music row.
Once a wise individual said, The finest works of art are precious, among other reasons, because they make it possible for us to know, if only imperfectly and for a little while, what it actually feels like to think subtly and feel nobly.
Once a wise individual said, The most basic question is not what is best, but who shall decide what is best.
Once a wise individual said, It is the heart which perceives God and not the reason. That is what faith is: God perceived by the heart, not by the reason.
Once a wise individual said, I would go to work from 9 to 6, go home, nap for two hours, then write from 8 to 2 a.m.
Once a wise individual said, Sales are contingent upon the attitude of the salesman - not the attitude of the prospect.
Once a wise individual said, When you do something best in life, you don't really want to give that up - and for me it's tennis.
Once a wise individual said, I try to help people realize their dreams by using magic to tell stories that educate, move, and inspire.
Once a wise individual said, It is the nature of the self to manifest itself, In every atom slumbers the might of the self.
Once a wise individual said, I saw what happened when a dictator was allowed to take over a piece of a country and the country went down the tubes. And I saw the opposite during the war when America joined the fight.
Once a wise individual said, Well, I stopped drinking. That was actually a big deal. I didn't go through any harrowing rock-bottom experience. I just made a decision to stop drinking.
Once a wise individual said, I pretty much borrow my entire beauty regime from my mom.
Once a wise individual said, Here is everything which can lay hold of the eye, ear and imagination - everything which can charm and bewitch the simple and ignorant. I wonder how Luther ever broke the spell.
Once a wise individual said, For many years, I have lived uncomfortably with the belief that most planning and architectural design suffers for lack of real and basic purpose. The ultimate purpose, it seems to me, must be the improvement of mankind.
Once a wise individual said, At some point, you can't lift this boulder with just your own strength. And if you find that you need to move bigger and bigger boulders up hills, you will need more and more help.
Once a wise individual said, If you asked somebody, 'what do you wish for in life?' they wouldn't say 'happiness.' I would have answered 'excitement, knowledge,' God knows - I mean, many, many different things, but certainly not 'happiness'. It seemed like a foreign concept to wish for something that specific and that singular.
Once a wise individual said, I saw no African people in the printed and illustrated Sunday school lessons. I began to suspect at this early age that someone had distorted the image of my people. My long search for the true history of African people the world over began.
Once a wise individual said, It seems almost backwards to me that my music seems the more emotional outlet, and the art stuff seems more about ideas.
Once a wise individual said, God gives us intelligence to uncover the wonders of nature. Without the gift, nothing is possible.
Once a wise individual said, First, I have to thank God for giving me the gift that he did as well as a second chance for a better life.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a good dad I spend a lot of time with my kids.
Once a wise individual said, Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Once a wise individual said, We need a type of patriotism that recognizes the virtues of those who are opposed to us.
Once a wise individual said, I got a lot of things that society had promised would make me whole and fulfilled - all the things that the culture tells you from preschool on will quiet the throbbing anxiety inside you - stature, the respect of colleagues, maybe even a kind of low-grade fame.
Once a wise individual said, It is exactly because we are a city that embraces freedom, that welcomes everyone and encourages their dreams, that New York remains on the front lines in the war on terror.
Once a wise individual said, Actually I think Art lies in both directions - the broad strokes, big picture but on the other hand the minute examination of the apparently mundane. Seeing the whole world in a grain of sand, that kind of thing.
Once a wise individual said, You can't just trust to luck you have to really listen to what that character is telling you.
Once a wise individual said, The idea that religion and politics don't mix was invented by the Devil to keep Christians from running their own country.
Once a wise individual said, A waffle is like a pancake with a syrup trap.
Once a wise individual said, In history as in human life, regret does not bring back a lost moment and a thousand years will not recover something lost in a single hour.
Once a wise individual said, Wisdom begins in wonder.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage is the tomb of love.
Once a wise individual said, When my dad needed a shirt ironed, he would yell downstairs to my mother, who would drop everything and iron his shirt.
Once a wise individual said, If you spend your life competing with business men, what do you have? A bank account and ulcers!
Once a wise individual said, There is no great genius without some touch of madness.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is emotion put into measure. The emotion must come by nature, but the measure can be acquired by art.
Once a wise individual said, Science and technology revolutionize our lives, but memory, tradition and myth frame our response.
Once a wise individual said, I always wanted my music to influence the life you were living emotionally - with your family, your lover, your wife, and, at a certain point, with your children.
Once a wise individual said, If the education of our kids comes from radio, television, newspapers - if that's where they get most of their knowledge from, and not from the schools, then the powers that be are definitely in charge, because they own all those outlets.
Once a wise individual said, Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Once a wise individual said, Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
Once a wise individual said, We should be proud that our Prophet came into the world with the message of Islam to change it for the better, and not for the worse, or to keep things as they are.
Once a wise individual said, I feel like war should occur only for the most vital and necessary reasons, and only then.
Once a wise individual said, Let us be about setting high standards for life, love, creativity, and wisdom. If our expectations in these areas are low, we are not likely to experience wellness. Setting high standards makes every day and every decade worth looking forward to.
Once a wise individual said, Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans - born in this century, tempered by war, disciplined by a hard and bitter peace.
Once a wise individual said, I don't mind a dirty girl. But what I find tragic is when we, as women, become not the subject of our own story but someone else's object.
Once a wise individual said, Books that distribute things... with as daring a freedom as we use in dreams, put us on our feet again.
Once a wise individual said, The world is put back by the death of every one who has to sacrifice the development of his or her peculiar gifts to conventionality.
Once a wise individual said, There is not necessarily a good reason why a regulator should have to be involved in product design and marketing for rich and sophisticated investors. We recommend that such investors should be able to sign a piece of paper, which allows them to go ahead and buy unregulated products at their own risk.
Once a wise individual said, Right now I'm the most famous silent movie actress in the world and I want to keep that for me. So I hope there's not going to be any other silent movies.
Once a wise individual said, Be happy with what you have and are, be generous with both, and you won't have to hunt for happiness.
Once a wise individual said, It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else.
Once a wise individual said, We need to give the Iraqis a chance to build their own future. It should be in their hands. It must be in their hands. That is what democracy is all about. We can teach it, we can explain it, but they must want it enough to make it work for them.
Once a wise individual said, When your time comes to die, be not like those whose hearts are filled with fear of death, so that when their time comes they weep and pray for a little more time to live their lives over again in a different way. Sing your death song, and die like a hero going home.
Once a wise individual said, When a great many people are unable to find work, unemployment results.
Once a wise individual said, Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly.
Once a wise individual said, I just think we're living in a time of massive, amazing change, like the Industrial Revolution on acid.
Once a wise individual said, Years ago women of my size were considered royalty.
Once a wise individual said, The trick at Le Mans is to get the car 'in the window.' Everything is critical: the tyre pressure, the brake temperature, and that means you have to push the car a lot to get it into the window - it's about getting everything to work right and getting the car to flow through the corners.
Once a wise individual said, Black Consciousness is an attitude of the mind and a way of life, the most positive call to emanate from the black world for a long time.
Once a wise individual said, We are persuaded that good Christians will always be good citizens, and that where righteousness prevails among individuals the Nation will be great and happy. Thus while just government protects all in their religious rights, true religion affords to government it's surest support.
Once a wise individual said, In youth we learn in age we understand.
Once a wise individual said, We now witness the constructive work on a foundation that will endure through the ages. That foundation is the god of science - revealed to us in terms that will harmonize with our intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, And you know, the baby boomers are getting older, and those off the rack clothes are just not fitting right any longer, and so, tailor-made suits are coming back into fashion.
Once a wise individual said, Then you've got Georgetown, and I really just like everything about them. When I went down there with my mom, it really opened my eyes to what they were all about. I have to factor in what a school like that can do for me, even away from being a basketball player.
Once a wise individual said, Western civilization, unfortunately, does not link knowledge and morality but rather, it connects knowledge and power and makes them equivalent.
Once a wise individual said, The strength of the Democratic Party of Cook County is not something that just happened.
Once a wise individual said, If you're married, and you have a wife, and you really love your wife, is it good enough to only say to your wife 'I love her' the day you get married? Or should you tell her every single day when you wake up and every opportunity? And that's how I feel about my relationship with Jesus Christ is that it is the most important thing in my life.
Once a wise individual said, Chemistry itself knows altogether too well that - given the real fear that the scarcity of global resources and energy might threaten the unity of mankind - chemistry is in a position to make a contribution towards securing a true peace on earth.
Once a wise individual said, I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend.
Once a wise individual said, Well, my view before was a Western view, and I certainly understand marriage equality and civil rights, equal rights for all, but having visited developing nations and some of the poorest nations in the world, I realize how deep it goes and how much work really needs to be done to create equality for all.
Once a wise individual said, I have no doubt but that the misery of the lower classes will be found to abate whenever the Government assumes a freer aspect and the laws favor a subdivision of Property.
Once a wise individual said, Both the American people and nations that censor the internet should understand that our government is committed to helping promote internet freedom.
Once a wise individual said, The problem was just a mean attitude that festers and has to be challenged.
Once a wise individual said, I like to pretend that my art has nothing to do with me.
Once a wise individual said, I am thankful the most important key in history was invented. It's not the key to your house, your car, your boat, your safety deposit box, your bike lock or your private community. It's the key to order, sanity, and peace of mind. The key is 'Delete.'
Once a wise individual said, When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left, and could say, 'I used everything you gave me'.
Once a wise individual said, Hip-hop is supposed to uplift and create, to educate people on a larger level and to make a change.
Once a wise individual said, Forgiveness is the economy of the heart... forgiveness saves the expense of anger, the cost of hatred, the waste of spirits.
Once a wise individual said, Computers themselves, and software yet to be developed, will revolutionize the way we learn.
Once a wise individual said, If being an egomaniac means I believe in what I do and in my art or music, then in that respect you can call me that... I believe in what I do, and I'll say it.
Once a wise individual said, A gaffe is when a politician tells the truth.
Once a wise individual said, Now that we are cool, he said, and regret that we hurt each other, I am not sorry that it happened.
Once a wise individual said, Life has a certain flavor for those who have fought and risked all that the sheltered and protected can never experience.
Once a wise individual said, I feel like, in a lot of shows where the woman is in charge, the woman is this ball buster and the guy is sort of weak and spineless. And that's never been my experience in a relationship. I think it's much more interesting that the guy is the boss. And there are stakes.
Once a wise individual said, A civilized nation can have no enemies, and one cannot draw a line across a map, a line that doesn't even exist in nature and say that the ugly enemy lives on the one side, and good friends live on the other.
Once a wise individual said, But poetry is a way of language, it is not its subject or its maker's background or interests or hobbies or fixations. It is nearer to utterance than history.
Once a wise individual said, We gain strength, and courage, and confidence by each experience in which we really stop to look fear in the face... we must do that which we think we cannot.
Once a wise individual said, Texas women have an amazing sense of purpose when they lose it. They're the best girls in the world - they're loyal and fun, but when they get mad, they'll try to kill you.
Once a wise individual said, There's a big overlap with the people you meet at the fantasy and science fiction cons.
Once a wise individual said, I can only note that the past is beautiful because one never realises an emotion at the time. It expands later, and thus we don't have complete emotions about the present, only about the past.
Once a wise individual said, Here is what we know after more than a decade of Republican rule: Texas works. Even 'The New York Times' let it slip into its pages that, 'Texas is the future.'
Once a wise individual said, I don't want to lose my fitness. I'm 45. I have two babies. I've got a long way to go and I want to keep in tiptop shape. There's no magic bullet.
Once a wise individual said, I always distrust people who know so much about what God wants them to do to their fellows.
Once a wise individual said, It all comes down to interest rates. As an investor, all you're doing is putting up a lump-sump payment for a future cash flow.
Once a wise individual said, My whole life I've had the fear that I was going to be abandoned.
Once a wise individual said, I love seeing my family.
Once a wise individual said, By definition, intelligence deals with the unclear, the unknown, the deliberately hidden. What the enemies of the United States hope to deny we work to reveal.
Once a wise individual said, Culture and tradition have to change little by little. So 'new' means a little twist, a marriage of Japanese technique with French ingredients. My technique. Indian food, Korean food I put Italian mozzarella cheese with sashimi. I don't think 'new new new.' I'm not a genius. A little twist.
Once a wise individual said, From faith, hope, and love, the virtues of religion referring to God, there arises a double act which bears on the spiritual communion exercised between God and us the hearing of the word and prayer.
Once a wise individual said, Sure, climbing Mount Everest would be cool, but that's something I would now like to do as a family. Big experiences like that I don't want to have on my own anymore. I want to share them.
Once a wise individual said, Nothing amazes me anymore.
Once a wise individual said, We want to reinvent the phone. What's the killer app? The killer app is making calls! It's amazing how hard it is to make calls on most phones. We want to let you use contacts like never before - sync your iPhone with your PC or mac.
Once a wise individual said, I thought that all of the sacrifices and blessings of the whole history of mankind have devolved upon me. Thank you, God.
Once a wise individual said, It is an interesting and demonstrable fact, that all children are atheists and were religion not inculcated into their minds, they would remain so.
Once a wise individual said, Education is the transmission of civilization.
Once a wise individual said, Politics is a people business. I like people.
Once a wise individual said, Health is not a condition of matter, but of Mind.
Once a wise individual said, The respect for human rights is nowadays not so much a matter of having international standards, but rather questions of compliance with those standards.
Once a wise individual said, All humanity is passion without passion, religion, history, novels, art would be ineffectual.
Once a wise individual said, The personal things should be left out of platforms at conventions. You can argue yourself blue in the face, and you're not going to change each other's minds. It's a waste of your time and my time.
Once a wise individual said, I feel sympathy for the working class lad. I've always championed about ticket prices and try to equate that to people's salaries.
Once a wise individual said, Bill Hanna and I owe an awful lot to television, but we both got our start and built the first phase of our partnership in the movies.
Once a wise individual said, Well, I want to do The Music Man. I think it's an amazing opportunity, but I think that they are probably looking at major movie stars right now, and I don't blame them.
Once a wise individual said, When you're growing up, it's always nice to have someone you can relate and look up to. I'm proud of how I conduct my business and how I have accomplished all that I have accomplished, and hope that I can be a positive influence on not only the Mexican community but also young boxers and people all around the world.
Once a wise individual said, Education is what remains when we have forgotten all that we have been taught.
Once a wise individual said, People just don't laugh when their family is violated, and you don't shrug it off. You band together and you defend together. It's a funny, primitive instinct.
Once a wise individual said, Either marriage is a destiny, I believe, or there is no sense in it at all, it's a piece of humbug.
Once a wise individual said, Ultimately, all human activities have as their goal the realization of happiness. Why, then, have we ended up producing the opposite result? Could the underlying cause be our failure to correctly understand the true nature of happiness?
Once a wise individual said, One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory.
Once a wise individual said, Believe me, the drug of freedom is universally potent.
Once a wise individual said, Believe in love. Believe in magic. Hell, believe in Santa Clause. Believe in others. Believe in yourself. Believe in your dreams. If you don't, who will?
Once a wise individual said, Age should not have its face lifted, but it should rather teach the world to admire wrinkles as the etchings of experience and the firm line of character.
Once a wise individual said, I had teen angst for a while, but I think every teenager has the angst.
Once a wise individual said, If I err in belief that the souls of men are immortal, I gladly err, nor do I wish this error which gives me pleasure to be wrested from me while I live.
Once a wise individual said, Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
Once a wise individual said, The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work.
Once a wise individual said, The health care system is really designed to reward you for being unhealthy. If you are a healthy person and work hard to be healthy, there are no benefits.
Once a wise individual said, Snowboarding's tough, because you've got to go to the mountains. For me, I love the skateboard season because I get to hangout at home and still be skating. I don't have to travel to Norway or Japan or these crazy places to be snowboarding.
Once a wise individual said, Ability is the art of getting credit for all the home runs somebody else hits.
Once a wise individual said, I don't follow politics much.
Once a wise individual said, Art is much less important than life, but what a poor life without it.
Once a wise individual said, The connections between and among women are the most feared, the most problematic, and the most potentially transforming force on the planet.
Once a wise individual said, Teenagers who are never required to vacuum are living in one.
Once a wise individual said, Men are born ignorant, not stupid. They are made stupid by education.
Once a wise individual said, Trust in what you love, continue to do it, and it will take you where you need to go.
Once a wise individual said, To overcome a fear, here's all you have to do: realize the fear is there, and do the action you fear anyway.
Once a wise individual said, If you have spent any time with Barack Obama, you know he's a funny guy. He's a good guy. He knows sports.
Once a wise individual said, If you listen to your fears, you will die never knowing what a great person you might have been.
Once a wise individual said, Experience praises the most happy the one who made the most people happy.
Once a wise individual said, Who in the world am I? Ah, that's the great puzzle.
Once a wise individual said, I like the idea of being alone. I like the idea of often being alone in all aspects of my life. I like to feel lonely. I like to need things.
Once a wise individual said, My parents had a great marriage. Interestingly, it made it harder for me in relationships because I knew what a good relationship looked like.
Once a wise individual said, Libertarians know that a free country has nothing to fear from anyone coming in or going out - while a welfare state is scared to death of poor people coming in and rich people getting out.
Once a wise individual said, Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove. But I find that the whole order of Nature confirms my confidence that, if it is not like our noblest hopes and dreams, it will transcend them.
Once a wise individual said, War is the supreme drama of a completely mechanized society.
Once a wise individual said, Everyone in L.A. is very positive and upbeat, whereas London can get quite miserable at times.
Once a wise individual said, I'm every bourgeois nightmare - a Cockney with intelligence and a million dollars.
Once a wise individual said, Their spirituality was in nature, even though Emerson was a preacher on the pulpit, he ended up going out into nature for direct, face-to-face communication with God, if you want to call all of this creation part of God.
Once a wise individual said, No wonder the film industry started in the desert in California where, like all desert dwellers, they dream their buildings, rather than design them.
Once a wise individual said, Negro music and culture are intrinsically improvisational, existential. Nothing is sacred. After a decade, a musical idea, no matter how innovative, is threatened.
Once a wise individual said, Talking from morning to night about sex has helped my skiing, because I talk about movement, about looking good, about taking risks.
Once a wise individual said, Bob Marley stood for universal peace and love. He tried to break racial barriers.
Once a wise individual said, The foundation for future prosperity is built on the bedrock of good jobs and great schools. We are building a strong foundation one job at a time and one educated Texan at a time.
Once a wise individual said, Never ever discount the idea of marriage. Sure, someone might tell you that marriage is just a piece of paper. Well, so is money, and what's more life-affirming than cold, hard cash?
Once a wise individual said, Art in Nature is rhythmic and has a horror of constraint.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not terribly happy about rock and roll. Certain rock music is uninspiring, numbing it makes you feel like an idiot.
Once a wise individual said, Lying at the root of the social agreements of 1980 are the courage, sense of responsibility, and the solidarity of the working people. Both sides have then recognized that an accord must be reached if bloodshed is to be prevented.
Once a wise individual said, I realized my family was funny, because nobody ever wanted to leave our house.
Once a wise individual said, We tried war, we tried aggression, we tried intervention. None of it works. Why don't we try peace, as a science of human relations, not as some vague notion - as everyday work.
Once a wise individual said, But the ability to articulate what you are doing, to be clear about it, and to stick to it is, I think, the essence of political leadership.
Once a wise individual said, You eat and sleep it all day long and play on the streets until mom calls you in. My story is no different than anybody else's.
Once a wise individual said, In such an environment, I was able to study things that could be of immediate usefulness to the world. That learning experience undoubtedly served me well when I eventually entered the work force.
Once a wise individual said, I want to try and work in different genres with different types of actors, on small movies and big movies.
Once a wise individual said, He whose wisdom cannot help him, gets no good from being wise.
Once a wise individual said, People connect with me just as a cool, around-the-way type of guy.
Once a wise individual said, I'm more comfortable with whatever's wrong with me than my father was whenever he felt he failed or didn't measure up to the standard he set.
Once a wise individual said, What is sure is that technological change is accelerating in all directions and, like children playing in a fountain, consumers are reveling in the experience.
Once a wise individual said, It is commonly said and known that each civilization has its own religion. Now my claim is that if we look deeper, the different civilizations were brought into being by the different revelations.
Once a wise individual said, The whole course of human history may depend on a change of heart in one solitary and even humble individual - for it is in the solitary mind and soul of the individual that the battle between good and evil is waged and ultimately won or lost.
Once a wise individual said, Politics is the only field in which the more experience you have, the worse you get.
Once a wise individual said, Most children threaten at times to run away from home. This is the only thing that keeps some parents going.
Once a wise individual said, Marches alone won't bring integration when human respect is disintegratin'
Once a wise individual said, Love and business and family and religion and art and patriotism are nothing but shadows of words when a man's starving!
Once a wise individual said, Love is a piano dropped from a fourth story window, and you were in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Once a wise individual said, We can't form our children on our own concepts we must take them and love them as God gives them to us.
Once a wise individual said, Commitment means that it is possible for a man to yield the nerve center of his consent to a purpose or cause, a movement or an ideal, which may be more important to him than whether he lives or dies.
Once a wise individual said, Hollywood has the idea that movies have to be dumb. But especially movies for or about teenagers have to be really dumb!
Once a wise individual said, Hope is a state of mind, not of the world. Hope, in this deep and powerful sense, is not the same as joy that things are going well, or willingness to invest in enterprises that are obviously heading for success, but rather an ability to work for something because it is good.
Once a wise individual said, I think we can be the very best place to start a business, to grow a business, to invent a new technology, to change the world, to change the country. But we've got a lot of work to deliver a new California to the people of California.
Once a wise individual said, The great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure.
Once a wise individual said, The price of freedom is eternal vigilance.
Once a wise individual said, It takes a lot of courage to release the familiar and seemingly secure, to embrace the new. But there is no real security in what is no longer meaningful. There is more security in the adventurous and exciting, for in movement there is life, and in change there is power.
Once a wise individual said, When we were at peace, Democrats wanted to raise taxes. Now there's a war, so Democrats want to raise taxes. When there was a surplus, Democrats wanted to raise taxes. Now that there is a mild recession, Democrats want to raise taxes.
Once a wise individual said, Today, hundreds of millions dwell in freedom, from the Baltic to the Adriatic, from the Western Approaches to the Aegean. And while we must never take this for granted, the first purpose of the European Union - to secure peace - has been achieved and we should pay tribute to all those in the EU, alongside Nato, who made that happen.
Once a wise individual said, I envy the sensibility in Europe, appreciating beauty in women as they age. I'm going to go that way. I might dye my gray hair for a bit, but beyond that the buck stops. I'm not having any work done.
Once a wise individual said, When I get up in the morning I brush my teeth and go about my business, and if I am going anywhere interesting I take my camera along.
Once a wise individual said, The mandate you go with is intimidating and also is a source of respect that you gain, because you have come with this mandate from the United Nations.
Once a wise individual said, Nobody with an IQ higher than emergency-room temperature could ever believe that 'death panels' would be appointed to nudge the elderly toward euthanasia. Yet for idle entertainment, it's hard to beat Sarah Palin's ignorant nattering on the subject.
Once a wise individual said, It's never acceptable to target civilians. It violates the Geneva Accords, it violates the international law of war and it violates all principles of morality.
Once a wise individual said, I like to eat and I love the diversity of foods.
Once a wise individual said, So I developed very early a massive inferiority complex, and I've told the story often about how that inspired me later in life to get involved in other things, because I couldn't out-do my brothers in sports, and it's a very competitive relationship.
Once a wise individual said, But communication is two-sided - vital and profound communication makes demands also on those who are to receive it... demands in the sense of concentration, of genuine effort to receive what is being communicated.
Once a wise individual said, I'm starting to judge success by the time I have for myself, the time I spend with family and friends. My priorities aren't amending they're shifting.
Once a wise individual said, The art of communication is the language of leadership.
Once a wise individual said, For a long time now I have tried simply to write the best I can. Sometimes I have good luck and write better than I can.
Once a wise individual said, A man's kiss is his signature.
Once a wise individual said, The strength that I have comes from irrigating the citrus plantation, ploughing in the vineyard, guarding the melon fields at night. I believe that's what gave me the strength.
Once a wise individual said, I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death.
Once a wise individual said, President Obama clearly cannot run on his record. All he's offering is more of the same. That's not good. Look at the economy. It's stagnating. And so, what they're now going to try and do is bring this campaign down to little things, distractions, distortions, smear, fear, anger, frustration.
Once a wise individual said, In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by.
Once a wise individual said, The future rewards those who press on. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I'm going to press on.
Once a wise individual said, Success is following the pattern of life one enjoys most.
Once a wise individual said, I really want to live in New York. That's the city of my dreams.
Once a wise individual said, I would say that there is no future for literary studies as such in the United States.
Once a wise individual said, When I was kid, I remember playing 'Vogue' by Madonna over and over and over again. And ah, you know, something about the beat was really cool, and Madonna, visually, was on TV all the time and I thought she was just so beautiful.
Once a wise individual said, In Washington, success is just a training course for failure.
Once a wise individual said, Every branch of human knowledge, if traced up to its source and final principles, vanishes into mystery.
Once a wise individual said, Faulkner turned out to be a great teacher. When a student asked a question ineptly, he answered the question with what the student had really wanted to know.
Once a wise individual said, It won't take 40 years for opposition to same-sex marriage to dissipate.
Once a wise individual said, God is a thought who makes crooked all that is straight.
Once a wise individual said, At a young age winning is not the most important thing... the important thing is to develop creative and skilled players with good confidence.
Once a wise individual said, Many a man in love with a dimple makes the mistake of marrying the whole girl.
Once a wise individual said, Do right. Do your best. Treat others as you want to be treated.
Once a wise individual said, You're not just going out there, maybe sacrificing your own life. There's also sacrifices still going on at home. You can serve in the military and have a good marriage, but you just need to be aware of it so you can take those steps to take care of it.
Once a wise individual said, All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
Once a wise individual said, The courage of a soldier is found to be the cheapest and most common quality of human nature.
Once a wise individual said, I don't remember my dreams. I'm one of those weird people. I know there are tricks and things you can do, but I never remember my dreams.
Once a wise individual said, You know how you wake up in the morning and sometimes you look gorgeous and other times you look like you got hit by a mack truck? I realized that my mack truck is food. If I have no sugar, yeast or wine, I have no undereye bags and my skin is perfect.
Once a wise individual said, I can't even explain to you how terrible that feels, that I equate dating a woman with punishment, shame, guilt, disappointment, reproach, reprimand, persecution. It's a nightmare.
Once a wise individual said, Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are your ready?'
Once a wise individual said, The best movies are simple.
Once a wise individual said, A university is not a political party, and an education is not an indoctrination.
Once a wise individual said, I am a lover of truth, a worshipper of freedom, a celebrant at the altar of language and purity and tolerance.
Once a wise individual said, I want to promote poetry to the point where you got all the baldhead kids running around doing poetry, getting the music out of the way and having only words, the spoken word, and then see what happens.
Once a wise individual said, It is impossible, as impossible as to raise the dead, to restore anything that has ever been great or beautiful in architecture. That which I have insisted upon as the life of the whole, that spirit which is given only by the hand and eye of the workman, can never be recalled.
Once a wise individual said, I was kind of a jock in school. Beauty wasn't something I spent a lot of time on.
Once a wise individual said, The travel and tourism industry, it's just a huge part of our economy.
Once a wise individual said, There is geometry in the humming of the strings, there is music in the spacing of the spheres.
Once a wise individual said, When you're in a race car, you're going through so many different emotions throughout that race.
Once a wise individual said, I've met a lot of people who've lost their jobs and they still have a sense of humor.
Once a wise individual said, The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
Once a wise individual said, Infinite striving to be the best is man's duty it is its own reward. Everything else is in God's hands.
Once a wise individual said, Embryonic stem cell research is legal in America, and nothing in the administration's current policy affects that legality 400 lines are currently being used to conduct embryonic stem cell research, both in the private sector and by the Federal Government.
Once a wise individual said, The thing about all my food is that everything is a remembered flavor. Maybe it's something I had as a child or maybe it's something I had in Milan, but I want it to taste better than you ever thought.
Once a wise individual said, The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once.
Once a wise individual said, No one is more important to the future of our state than our teachers.
Once a wise individual said, But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be.
Once a wise individual said, Clearly romantic comedy is my franchise genre, I don't mind saying that, it's true. I love doing them and hopefully always will do them.
Once a wise individual said, So many gods, so many creeds, so many paths that wind and wind while just the art of being kind is all the sad world needs.
Once a wise individual said, Positive, healthy, loving relationships in your twenties... I don't know if anyone would disagree with it: I think they're the exception, not the norm. People are either playing house really aggressively because they're scared of what an uncertain time it is, or they're avoiding commitment altogether.
Once a wise individual said, A problem is a chance for you to do your best.
Once a wise individual said, But it was great, we sit in the same dressing room where, like, Johnny Cash sat and Willie Nelson and all those guys. That was in itself something amazing - I was on the same space these guys stood on, ya know?
Once a wise individual said, When I was a new mom, I used to think that life was going to be balanced, and I strived for that. But life is crazy!
Once a wise individual said, The size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire the size of your dream and how you handle disappointment along the way.
Once a wise individual said, American poetry, like American painting, is always personal with an emphasis on the individuality of the poet.
Once a wise individual said, Although I have lived in London, I have never really considered London my home because it was always going to be a stopping-off point for me, and it has been too.
Once a wise individual said, Having inner beauty is something you develop on your own, and I like to think I have that.
Once a wise individual said, But I think the real tension lies in the relationship between what you might call the pursuer and his quarry, whether it's the writer or the spy.
Once a wise individual said, Women, as they grow older, rely more and more on cosmetics. Men, as they grow older, rely more and more on a sense of humor.
Once a wise individual said, I get really cool gifts, and I know this sounds really lame, but I think one of the best gifts I've ever received was the Easy Bake Oven when I was younger. When I was little, I loved to bake! I want to get one now so I can make weird mini desserts for people.
Once a wise individual said, Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death.
Once a wise individual said, Every man is the architect of his own life. He builds it just the way he wants it. However, after he has built what he wants, he sometimes decides that he doesn't like what he has built and looks for someone or something to blame instead of changing himself.
Once a wise individual said, The science of politics is the one science that is deposited by the streams of history, like the grains of gold in the sand of a river and the knowledge of the past, the record of truths revealed by experience, is eminently practical, as an instrument of action and a power that goes to making the future.
Once a wise individual said, My mom's collard greens. No one else in the world can make them like hers. I'm not just saying that because she's my mom. She's got some Mississippi secret. I could seriously eat them every day.
Once a wise individual said, Genuine forgiveness does not deny anger but faces it head-on.
Once a wise individual said, Hope, the best comfort of our imperfect condition.
Once a wise individual said, Substitute 'damn' every time you're inclined to write 'very' your editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be.
Once a wise individual said, I've only ever trusted my gut on everything. I don't trust my head, I don't trust my heart, I trust my gut.
Once a wise individual said, But we cannot rely on memorials and museums alone. We can tell ourselves we will never forget and we likely won't. But we need to make sure that we teach history to those who never had the opportunity to remember in the first place.
Once a wise individual said, Theater has to resonate in your heart in a way that movies don't.
Once a wise individual said, I really like where Tony Robbins says that we're all hypnotized to see beauty this one specific way, and it's true.
Once a wise individual said, Disarmament requires trust.
Once a wise individual said, It's a struggle for every young Black man. You know how it is, only God can judge us.
Once a wise individual said, I believe that children are our future. Teach them well and let them lead the way. Show them all the beauty they possess inside.
Once a wise individual said, My faith means everything to me. God and I talk constantly.
Once a wise individual said, We cannot turn the clock back nor can we undo the harm caused, but we have the power to determine the future and to ensure that what happened never happens again.
Once a wise individual said, The Chinese art world does not exist. In a society that restricts individual freedoms and violates human rights, anything that calls itself creative or independent is a pretence. It is impossible for a totalitarian society to create anything with passion and imagination.
Once a wise individual said, My dad left when I was 3 1/2, and he left my mom and I.
Once a wise individual said, There are worlds of experience beyond the world of the aggressive man, beyond history, and beyond science. The moods and qualities of nature and the revelations of great art are equally difficult to define we can grasp them only in the depths of our perceptive spirit.
Once a wise individual said, The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.
Once a wise individual said, If you went for a job interview in a Glasgow law firm, they used to ask you what school you went to. And that was a way of finding out what religion you were.
Once a wise individual said, When you have an efficient government, you have a dictatorship.
Once a wise individual said, Our life dreams the Utopia. Our death achieves the Ideal.
Once a wise individual said, However glorious an action in itself, it ought not to pass for great if it be not the effect of wisdom and intention.
Once a wise individual said, Anyone who knows me knows my mom, Dorcina, has to sign off on any decision and that she will play a major part in any decision.
Once a wise individual said, The world dominion of western thought, forms of organisation, technology and military force is not God-given, nor eternal, nor greatly appreciated by the rest of the world.
Once a wise individual said, Incongruity, they say, is one of the main ingredients of humor. Maybe it's because everybody can feel superior to me. I honestly don't know.
Once a wise individual said, The capacity for not feeling lonely can carry a very real price, that of feeling nothing at all.
Once a wise individual said, God is stronger than their strength, more loving than their uttermost love, and in so far as they have loved and sacrificed themselves for others, they have obtained the infallible proof, that God too lives and loves and gives Himself away.
Once a wise individual said, Peace and justice are two sides of the same coin.
Once a wise individual said, Everyone has their own insecurities, regardless of how you look or how people perceive you, but sometimes people give their insecurities too much power. Defining beauty is simply a matter of opinion. For me, real beauty has very little to do with the structure of someone's face or body.
Once a wise individual said, This enemy of peace in the world today is unlike any we have seen in the past, and our military is learning from, and building on, previous successes while carrying peace and freedom into the future.
Once a wise individual said, I wouldn't change a single thing, because one change alters every moment that follows it.
Once a wise individual said, The best form of flattery is to be admired, imitated or respected. I've always felt proud our fans look up to us or feel we are inspirational.
Once a wise individual said, If someone talks about union, fidelity, a monogamous relationship, love, blessing I would say it sounds like marriage to me. And blessing, you see, I think is undermining our sacrament of marriage.
Once a wise individual said, If you scratch below the surface and ask what really makes me tick, it's the liberalism of trying to promote freedom and opportunity. Promoting social mobility is one of the keys to that.
Once a wise individual said, I am more afraid of my own heart than of the pope and all his cardinals. I have within me the great pope, Self.
Once a wise individual said, The problem for those who assert biblical authority in support of traditional definitions of marriage is that one could, with equal validity, assert that the lending of money or certain kinds of haircuts are forbidden by God, or that slavery and the subjugation of women are authorized by the Lord.
Once a wise individual said, There's something about the sound of a train that's very romantic and nostalgic and hopeful.
Once a wise individual said, I am auditioning again - getting back to theatre would be amazing.
Once a wise individual said, Oh there are lots of doctors and medical professionals out there who buy my devices at whole sale price.
Once a wise individual said, There never was a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous.
Once a wise individual said, At this year's Open, I'll have five boyfriends.
Once a wise individual said, My happiest memory of childhood was my first birthday in reform school. This teacher took an interest in me. In fact, he gave me the first birthday presents I ever got: a box of Cracker Jacks and a can of ABC shoe polish.
Once a wise individual said, In great contests each party claims to act in accordance with the will of God. Both may be, and one must be wrong.
Once a wise individual said, I am a hopeless romantic. And I won't stop till I get it right.
Once a wise individual said, There is no international problem that can be addressed or solved without the engagement and leadership of the United States and everybody in the world knows that, its just fact of life. So sometimes I think we could conduct ourselves with a little more humility.
Once a wise individual said, Nothing's funny about someone who's successful.
Once a wise individual said, The unions say 'last hired - first fired,', we say hire and fire based on merit. We want the best and brightest in the classroom.
Once a wise individual said, The romantic embrace can only be compared with music and with prayer.
Once a wise individual said, 'For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge' took a year to record that's why the playing on it might sound somewhat labored. 'Balance,' on the other hand, was written and recorded in only four months, so the whole process was quicker and more immediate.
Once a wise individual said, We must concentrate not merely on the negative expulsion of war but the postive affirmation of peace.
Once a wise individual said, I just hope that the democratic will of the Zimbabwean people prevails. If it does we must move quickly to help restore stability and prosperity.
Once a wise individual said, I have tried at every point to seek God's wisdom on the decisions I made, and I made it my business to speak up on behalf of the things God tells us are important to Him.
Once a wise individual said, There are two ways to worry words. One is hoping for the greatest possible beauty in what is created. The other is to tell the truth.
Once a wise individual said, Every time a student walks past a really urgent, expressive piece of architecture that belongs to his college, it can help reassure him that he does have that mind, does have that soul.
Once a wise individual said, Communication is very important. And the arts do that, whether it's film or theater.
Once a wise individual said, Forgiveness is God's command.
Once a wise individual said, Nearly all monster stories depend for their success on Jack killing the Giant, Beowulf or St. George slaying the Dragon, Harry Potter triumphing over the basilisk. That is their inner grammar, and the whole shape of the story leads towards it.
Once a wise individual said, I took some me time. I think that's a really important thing to do for yourself, especially in this business. And now I feel like I'm in a really good, positive place in my life.
Once a wise individual said, Having come to live in this age is as though one were to have entered another country. Learn its language or risk being left out.
Once a wise individual said, Research challenges the materialistic understanding of death, according to which biological death represents the final end of existence and of all conscious activity.
Once a wise individual said, The most dangerous food is wedding cake.
Once a wise individual said, I'd do pretty much anything to get back on stage. I'd like to develop a new musical. I nearly had a heart attack when I heard that they're developing John Waters' Cry-Baby because that is so amazing and super and wonderful and I wish that I could be involved. But it's not the right time and I understand that. But I hear things like that and I get that little tingle in my stomach.
Once a wise individual said, It is very easy to love alone.
Once a wise individual said, I guess I'm a very keen observer, and I'd like to think I have a good imagination.
Once a wise individual said, Singing is a way of releasing an emotion that you sometimes can't portray when you're acting. And music moves your soul, so music is the source of the most intense emotions you can feel. When you hear a song and you're acting it's incredible. But when you're singing a song and you're acting it's even more incredible.
Once a wise individual said, We tried to set up a company that patterned ourselves after Southwest in all the fun, the spirit, the great people, the smile, the efficiency side of it, but we've added some extras that people aren't used to finding on Southwest.
Once a wise individual said, Only fools are positive.
Once a wise individual said, When times are tough and people are frustrated and angry and hurting and uncertain, the politics of constant conflict may be good, but what is good politics does not necessarily work in the real world. What works in the real world is cooperation.
Once a wise individual said, The pillars of truth and the pillars of freedom - they are the pillars of society.
Once a wise individual said, Respect is what we owe love, what we give.
Once a wise individual said, I wish I had been more prepared, both for success and for failure, when I was younger.
Once a wise individual said, When I was a kid, my mom used to run the vacuum cleaner, and the noise would bother me so much that I would run into the woods to calm down. I feel like that vacuum cleaner has been on since I moved to New York City.
Once a wise individual said, It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.
Once a wise individual said, Today's misery is real unemployment, home foreclosures and bankruptcies. This is the Obama Misery Index and its at a record high. Its going to take more than new rhetoric to put Americans back to work - its going to take a new president.
Once a wise individual said, Life consists in what a man is thinking of all day.
Once a wise individual said, My goal isn't to make money, it's to try and survive and make a point.
Once a wise individual said, With all due respect to lawyers, it's wonderful that you have this intricate knowledge. You break down words to the nth degree. And sometimes I find it rather disgusting. And it goes on and on.
Once a wise individual said, Take hope from the heart of man and you make him a beast of prey.
Once a wise individual said, The technological revolution at home makes it much easier for computers to do our work.
Once a wise individual said, I told you I'm not going to criticize my successor. I'll just tell you that there are people at Gitmo that will kill American people at a drop of a hat and I don't believe that persuasion isn't going to work. Therapy isn't going to cause terrorists to change their mind.
Once a wise individual said, There should be a sympathy with freedom, a desire to give it scope, founded not upon visionary ideas, but upon the long experience of many generations within the shores of this happy isle, that in freedom you lay the firmest foundations both of loyalty and order.
Once a wise individual said, I've always been at war with myself, for right or wrong.
Once a wise individual said, It's my firm conviction that when Uncle Sam calls, by God we go, and we do the best that we can.
Once a wise individual said, In the depth of the near depression, that he faced when he came in, Barack Obama and Democratic leaders in Congress provided 'recovery funds' that literally kept our classrooms open. Two years ago, these funds saved nearly 20,000 teacher and education jobs - just here in North Carolina.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think it's always good to read lots of poetry.
Once a wise individual said, Money won't buy happiness, but it will pay the salaries of a large research staff to study the problem.
Once a wise individual said, Why is Cloud 9 so amazing? What is wrong with Cloud 8? That joke came off the top of my head, and the top of my head ain't funny!
Once a wise individual said, I want to go to college to study journalism. I want to speak French fluently, to travel. My mom was a journalist and it's in my blood.
Once a wise individual said, I really do believe that God is love, one of deep affection and grace and forgiveness and inspiration.
Once a wise individual said, Nine-tenths of wisdom is being wise in time.
Once a wise individual said, There are a lot of food Nazis in the U.S., but I believe if you can show people what's really important, they'll judge the rest for themselves.
Once a wise individual said, And the sad truth is that nobody wants me to write comedy. The Exorcist not only ended that career, it expunged all memory of its existence.
Once a wise individual said, There should be a sympathy with freedom, a desire to give it scope, founded not upon visionary ideas, but upon the long experience of many generations within the shores of this happy isle, that in freedom you lay the firmest foundations both of loyalty and order.
Once a wise individual said, There are only two races on this planet - the intelligent and the stupid.
Once a wise individual said, I know what I like in other actors: truth. That's the best. It makes you say, 'OK, I'll go with you on this.'
Once a wise individual said, I have always said there is only one thing that can bring our nation down - our dependence on foreign countries for food and energy. Agriculture is the backbone of our economy.
Once a wise individual said, One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
Once a wise individual said, Progressive art can assist people to learn not only about the objective forces at work in the society in which they live, but also about the intensely social character of their interior lives. Ultimately, it can propel people toward social emancipation.
Once a wise individual said, I've choreographed all of my movies.
Once a wise individual said, Nature and nature's laws lay hid in the night. God said, Let Newton be! and all was light!
Once a wise individual said, I look for people who're passionate, dedicated to the text, and in whom I trust completely.
Once a wise individual said, Even as kids reach adolescence, they need more than ever for us to watch over them. Adolescence is not about letting go. It's about hanging on during a very bumpy ride.
Once a wise individual said, The people on my mum's side of the family are atheist intellectuals who are ueber-proper. My dad's side of the family are missionaries who are more comfortable sitting around in sweatpants than they are in a five-star restaurant. But those two influences converged in my life.
Once a wise individual said, The best thing about science is that hard, empirical answers are always there if you look hard enough. The best thing about religion is that the very absence of that certainty is what requires - and gives rise to - deep feelings of faith.
Once a wise individual said, I'm single, footloose and fancy free, I have no responsibilities, no anchors. Work, friendship and self-improvement, that's me.
Once a wise individual said, The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.
Once a wise individual said, First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity.
Once a wise individual said, There is only one thing I respect in so-called Broadway actors... and that is their competitive sense.
Once a wise individual said, I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
Once a wise individual said, My second play, The Birthday Party, I wrote in 1958 - or 1957. It was totally destroyed by the critics of the day, who called it an absolute load of rubbish.
Once a wise individual said, Central banks don't have divine wisdom. They try to do the best analysis they can and must be prepared to stand or fall by the quality of that analysis.
Once a wise individual said, Everything that's bad for you catches on too quickly in America, because that's the easiest thing to get people to invest in, the pursuits that are easy and destructive, the ones that bring out the least positive aspects of people.
Once a wise individual said, Ensuring quality higher education is one of the most important things we can do for future generations.
Once a wise individual said, Old age is the most unexpected of all things that happen to a man.
Once a wise individual said, The Klan had used fear, intimidation and murder to brutally oppress over African-Americans who sought justice and equality and it sought to respond to the young workers of the civil rights movement in Mississippi in the same way.
Once a wise individual said, When I'm on stage, it's a little world I've created where I'm sort of the thing, so I have total control over everything that happens. When we're improvising, I'm with someone I totally trust. I know things are going to work out. I don't have those guarantees in life. There are no consequences on stage.
Once a wise individual said, That is the essence of science: ask an impertinent question, and you are on the way to a pertinent answer.
Once a wise individual said, The planter, the farmer, the mechanic, and the laborer... form the great body of the people of the United States, they are the bone and sinew of the country men who love liberty and desire nothing but equal rights and equal laws.
Once a wise individual said, I've never been more in love with anyone nearly half my age than I am today. I'd get married in a minute if I weren't still married to somebody else.
Once a wise individual said, I was writing short films and I was going through this really, really, really terrible end of a relationship that I didn't want to be going through. It was too much for me to process and all of a sudden I had this idea for my first feature film and I knew right away I had to start writing it.
Once a wise individual said, I lost my sense of trust, honesty and compassion. I crashed down and became what I consider an emotional mess. I've never been so miserable in my whole life. I just wanted to go to bed and never get up.
Once a wise individual said, How easy to be amiable in the midst of happiness and success.
Once a wise individual said, I suppose leadership at one time meant muscles but today it means getting along with people.
Once a wise individual said, True change takes place in the imagination.
Once a wise individual said, Physics does not change the nature of the world it studies, and no science of behavior can change the essential nature of man, even though both sciences yield technologies with a vast power to manipulate the subject matters.
Once a wise individual said, It's a required part of your film history to know who Woody is. His movies are so wonderful, and not just funny but so insightful about human behavior.
Once a wise individual said, But picketing - picketing for or against something, and handing out literature - these are conspicuously formal actions. They have to be understood as indirect communication.
Once a wise individual said, You don't suffer, kill yourself and take the risks I take just for money. I love bike racing.
Once a wise individual said, I think laughter may be a form of courage. As humans we sometimes stand tall and look into the sun and laugh, and I think we are never more brave than when we do that.
Once a wise individual said, Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.
Once a wise individual said, Reason is an action of the mind knowledge is a possession of the mind but faith is an attitude of the person. It means you are prepared to stake yourself on something being so.
Once a wise individual said, Listen, everything I did in my childhood was competitive. Everything we did my dad made it into a game to win. We used to drive my mum nuts.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a fan of action movies.
Once a wise individual said, I've made movies that we're very successful that we're a complete surprise, and I've made movies that I thought we're going to be very successful that, you know.
Once a wise individual said, I have absolutely no empathy for camels. I didn't care for being abused in the Middle East by those horrible, horrible, horrible creatures. They don't like people. It's not at all like the relationship between horses and humans.
Once a wise individual said, Finality is not the language of politics.
Once a wise individual said, The mind of the polyglot is a very particular thing, and scientists are only beginning to look closely at how acquiring a second language influences learning, behavior and the very structure of the brain itself.
Once a wise individual said, My mom is great and I make sure that we pray together before every race. She helps me put everything in perspective and remind me of the real reason I run.
Once a wise individual said, I have a hotline to the tabloids. When I get up in the morning, I call the Star, and the last thing at night, I call them. I want them to have the inside track.
Once a wise individual said, To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, No institution can possibly survive if it needs geniuses or supermen to manage it. It must be organized in such a way as to be able to get along under a leadership composed of average human beings.
Once a wise individual said, To live we must conquer incessantly, we must have the courage to be happy.
Once a wise individual said, Let me remind you that credit is the lifeblood of business, the lifeblood of prices and jobs.
Once a wise individual said, Everyone discusses my art and pretends to understand, as if it were necessary to understand, when it is simply necessary to love.
Once a wise individual said, Should I perchance still feel after my death, I would no longer have any doubt, but I would most certainly give the lie to anyone asserting before me that I was dead.
Once a wise individual said, An institution or reform movement that is not selfish, must originate in the recognition of some evil that is adding to the sum of human suffering, or diminishing the sum of happiness.
Once a wise individual said, And if you're not going to have a clear health threat, you don't want to panic people.
Once a wise individual said, The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby.
Once a wise individual said, Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
Once a wise individual said, Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.
Once a wise individual said, I went to college at the University of Kansas, where I got a degree in political science.
Once a wise individual said, My mum is my beauty icon, because she represents what I think beauty is.
Once a wise individual said, People don't follow titles, they follow courage.
Once a wise individual said, I feel like I want to take care of everyone and I also feel this terrible guilt if I am unable to. And I have felt this way ever since all this success started.
Once a wise individual said, The fate of animals is of greater importance to me than the fear of appearing ridiculous it is indissolubly connected with the fate of men.
Once a wise individual said, A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
Once a wise individual said, Readers probably haven't heard much about it yet, but they will. Quantum technology turns ordinary reality upside down.
Once a wise individual said, I think it's always funny when somebody thinks you're going to do something super sexy and then you don't.
Once a wise individual said, To devise an information processing system capable of getting along on its own - it must handle its own problems of programming, bookkeeping, communication and coordination with its users. It must appear to its users as a single, integrated personality.
Once a wise individual said, The satirist is prevented by repulsion from gaining a better knowledge of the world he is attracted to, yet he is forced by attraction to concern himself with the world that repels him.
Once a wise individual said, It has been claimed at times that our modern age of technology facilitates dictatorship.
Once a wise individual said, I am politically pro-choice, but personally pro-life. I have my faith but refuse to force it on the world at large - especially this world, so brutal and unjust. I cannot make these wrenching personal life and death decisions for others - nor do I believe they should be made by a church run by childless men.
Once a wise individual said, My whole life has been movies and religion. That's it. Nothing else.
Once a wise individual said, All experience is subjective.
Once a wise individual said, Yes. I did more research than I ever wanted to and saw some things I wish I didn't. I went on ride-alongs, spent time with Homicide, Cold Case, and SVU detectives, hung out in subways learning how to spot pervs and pick-pockets, viewed an autopsy, went to a police firing range, and witnessed court cases and I read, read, read.
Once a wise individual said, I surrendered to a world of my imagination, reenacting all those wonderful tales my father would read aloud to me. I became a very active reader, especially history and Shakespeare.
Once a wise individual said, I can remember when Democrats believed that it was the duty of America to fight for freedom over tyranny.
Once a wise individual said, Memorial Day this year is especially important as we are reminded almost daily of the great sacrifices that the men and women of the Armed Services make to defend our way of life.
Once a wise individual said, Theater and poetry were what helped people stay alive and want to go on living.
Once a wise individual said, We sometimes congratulate ourselves at the moment of waking from a troubled dream it may be so the moment after death.
Once a wise individual said, Whether women are better than men I cannot say - but I can say they are certainly no worse.
Once a wise individual said, We all love musical architecture there's no doubt about that.
Once a wise individual said, The question of the value of nationality in art is perhaps unsolvable.
Once a wise individual said, The year 2008 was a reminder to those who had forgotten that there is such a thing as history and that the cycle of famine and feast in commerce, first identified in antiquity and well understood in the Middle Ages, was not suddenly abolished in modern times.
Once a wise individual said, Our technology is very scalable. Our software can accommodate enormous numbers of clients. It's a marvelous opportunity. We'll keep developing products.
Once a wise individual said, Leadership that exploits and sacrifices young people on the altar of its goals is nothing more than raw, demonic power. Genuine leadership is found in ceaseless efforts to foster young people, to pave the way forward for them.
Once a wise individual said, Organize, agitate, educate, must be our war cry.
Once a wise individual said, It's true, Christmas can feel like a lot of work, particularly for mothers. But when you look back on all the Christmases in your life, you'll find you've created family traditions and lasting memories. Those memories, good and bad, are really what help to keep a family together over the long haul.
Once a wise individual said, To me, freedom entitles you to do something, not to not do something.
Once a wise individual said, We shouldn't feel restricted by our sexuality, and our sexuality doesn't have to be a cultural choice. That's an amazing variety of music within those five main performers.
Once a wise individual said, Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong.
Once a wise individual said, Anything you're good at contributes to happiness.
Once a wise individual said, People talk about the conscience, but it seems to me one must just bring it up to a certain point and leave it there. You can let your conscience alone if you're nice to the second housemaid.
Once a wise individual said, Because I didn't have brothers, I was always interested in the kids down the street that had four brothers in their family, so I became one of them - but it was not my family. I've always been attracted to temporary families. They tend to be lost characters.
Once a wise individual said, The books that help you most are those which make you think that most. The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty.
Once a wise individual said, A friendship like love is warm a love like friendship is steady.
Once a wise individual said, I did find some time to go to a record store and check out 'Headstrong' actually in the racks. It was pretty cool I never thought I'd see my own CD sitting there with everyone else's. I made my Mom take lots of pics!
Once a wise individual said, If we wish to make a new world we have the material ready. The first one, too, was made out of chaos.
Once a wise individual said, We've worked very hard as a band and would like to think we've got this far on the strength of our music.
Once a wise individual said, I'd always assumed that I would die at about the same age as my dad - he was 45. I am five years in credit now. I can't get my head around the fact that I am older than he was - ever.
Once a wise individual said, There is an infinite difference between a little wrong and just right, between fairly good and the best, between mediocrity and superiority.
Once a wise individual said, Loss of hope rather than loss of life is what decides the issues of war. But helplessness induces hopelessness.
Once a wise individual said, Genius is initiative on fire.
Once a wise individual said, To burn always with this hard, gem-like flame, to maintain this ecstasy, is success in life.
Once a wise individual said, The nature of God is a circle of which the center is everywhere and the circumference is nowhere.
Once a wise individual said, I think that the entertainment industry itself has a history of chasing success. Any time a hit product comes out, all the other companies start chasing after that success and trying to recreate it by putting out similar products.
Once a wise individual said, Knowledge fills a large brain it merely inflates a small one.
Once a wise individual said, Experience has taught me, when I am shaving of a morning, to keep watch over my thoughts, because, if a line of poetry strays into my memory, my skin bristles so that the razor ceases to act.
Once a wise individual said, When I go to a concert, I can't help but feel happy and everything else just goes away. I hope everyone feels that way at my concerts.
Once a wise individual said, There is more wisdom in your body than in your deepest philosophy.
Once a wise individual said, I trust no one totally.
Once a wise individual said, The trouble is it's very difficult to pin-point the most important thing because Aids affects everyone in different levels of society, differently and you have to respond to it differently.
Once a wise individual said, You've got to set yourself up to be as healthy as you can. The thing we tend to do is when it gets to be a bit too hard, we actually opt out for the absolute worst option. For example, if you're in a rush in a morning and you feel like you don't have time to make breakfast, you skip it.
Once a wise individual said, The most important thing I learned as a foreign correspondent in about 80 countries is that it takes a very shallow knowledge of history to think that there are solutions to most problems.
Once a wise individual said, Have you learned the lessons only of those who admired you, and were tender with you, and stood aside for you? Have you not learned great lessons from those who braced themselves against you, and disputed passage with you?
Once a wise individual said, Exuberant health is always, as such, sickness also.
Once a wise individual said, An armed society is a polite society. Manners are good when one may have to back up his acts with his life.
Once a wise individual said, If you are working 50 hours a week in a factory, you don't have time to read 10 newspapers a day and go back to declassified government archives. But such people may have far-reaching insights into the way the world works.
Once a wise individual said, A play is much easier to maintain your personal life with because if you're rehearsing, you're working like from 11 to 6 or 11 to 5 and you get to have your whole morning and your whole evening. When you're doing the play, you have all day.
Once a wise individual said, All weddings, except those with shotguns in evidence, are wonderful.
Once a wise individual said, I was a pretty angry kid, and I got into military history largely as a way to vent my own anger. As I got older it narrowed down to a more specific focus on individual violence. I'm just trying to understand where it came from.
Once a wise individual said, I always market research my books before I hand them in by showing them to five or six close friends who I trust to be honest with me, so they are very heavily re-written already.
Once a wise individual said, Above all, we must realize that no arsenal, or no weapon in the arsenals of the world, is so formidable as the will and moral courage of free men and women. It is a weapon our adversaries in today's world do not have.
Once a wise individual said, In architecture the idea degenerated. Design allows a more direct and pleasurable route.
Once a wise individual said, I worked at Salon.com way back when they started, and there's just unmeasurable value to distributing words online, too, but I still get my news from the newspaper in the morning.
Once a wise individual said, I think it would be cool if you were writing a ransom note on your computer, if the paper clip popped up and said, 'Looks like you're writing a ransom note. Need help? You should use more forceful language, you'll get more money.'
Once a wise individual said, Physical courage, which despises all danger, will make a man brave in one way and moral courage, which despises all opinion, will make a man brave in another.
Once a wise individual said, I can speak Esperanto like a native.
Once a wise individual said, And I ask why am I black, they say I was born in sin, and shamed inequity. One of the main songs we used to sing in church makes me sick, 'love wash me and I shall be whiter than snow.
Once a wise individual said, The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places.
Once a wise individual said, But I am Armenian and I understand what it is to lose a country and lose a family and have massacres and genocides and everything against my people.
Once a wise individual said, The soul without imagination is what an observatory would be without a telescope.
Once a wise individual said, Do you know how many calories are in butter and cheese and ice cream? Would you get your dog up in the morning for a cup of coffee and a donut?
Once a wise individual said, It was one of the most exciting, perfect evenings of my life, my solo debut at Carnegie Hall. And knowing we were all there to raise money for Gay Men's Health Crisis made the evening an extraordinary experience.
Once a wise individual said, I'm still figuring out why people would want to look at me. Maybe it's generic beauty, but it's weird to be valued for something I was born with.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think Romney is wacky at all, but religion makes intelligent people say and do wacky things, believe and affirm crazy things. Left on his own, Romney would never have said something like the Garden Of Eden was in Missouri, and will be again.
Once a wise individual said, The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.
Once a wise individual said, I just want to keep making music, recording and trying different things. I don't want to do the same thing all the time.
Once a wise individual said, Content makes poor men rich discontent makes rich men poor.
Once a wise individual said, It seems sensible to me that we should look to the medical profession, that over the centuries has helped us to live longer and healthier lives, to help us die peacefully among our loved ones in our own home without a long stay in God's waiting room.
Once a wise individual said, Fear of death makes us devoid both of valour and religion. For want of valour is want of religious faith.
Once a wise individual said, I leave CNN with the utmost respect, love and admiration for the company and everyone who works here. This has been my family and shared endeavor for the past 27 years, and I am forever grateful and proud of all that we have accomplished.
Once a wise individual said, I've always been able to keep my private life separate from my business.
Once a wise individual said, Twitter is the most amazing medium for a comedy writer. I can't get in every idea I want on the show no matter how hard I try to bully the other writers, so it's a way of me getting out other comic ideas and immediately getting feedback.
Once a wise individual said, Lack of pep is often mistaken for patience.
Once a wise individual said, I've looked that old scoundrel death in the eye many times but this time I think he has me on the ropes.
Once a wise individual said, But every act in consequence of our faith, strengthens faith.
Once a wise individual said, I don't want to have a relationship with someone if I'm not going to work with them.
Once a wise individual said, There are many who lust for the simple answers of doctrine or decree. They are on the left and right. They are not confined to a single part of the society. They are terrorists of the mind.
Once a wise individual said, Well, I'm not good with sliminess. I hate the thought of creatures that have slime on them or creatures that leave a slimy trail. At home, the sight of a slug can bring up my breakfast.
Once a wise individual said, I think my first album opened a lot of doors for me to push the freedom of speech to the limit.
Once a wise individual said, I'd skip school regularly to see movies - even in the morning, in the small Parisian theaters that opened early.
Once a wise individual said, The writer, when he is also an artist, is someone who admits what others don't dare reveal.
Once a wise individual said, Many will view the compromises that will be made during your negotiations as painful concessions. But why not view them as peace offerings, ones that will provide in return the priceless gifts of hope, security and freedom for our children and our children's?
Once a wise individual said, Mark Twain was a great traveler and he wrote three or four great travel books. I wouldn't say that I'm a travel novelist but rather a novelist who travels - and who uses travel as a background for finding stories of places.
Once a wise individual said, My intention was to enroll at McGill University but an unexpected series of events led me to study physics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Once a wise individual said, All my jobs have been with food in one way or another since 1948. My parents were in the hotel business, and I just loved the warm hearted people who worked so hard with such good humor.
Once a wise individual said, Lucky that man whose children make his happiness in life and not his grief, the anguished disappointment of his hopes.
Once a wise individual said, We are born weak, we need strength helpless, we need aid foolish, we need reason. All that we lack at birth, all that we need when we come to man's estate, is the gift of education.
Once a wise individual said, If everybody in this town connected with politics had to leave town because of chasing women and drinking, you would have no government.
Once a wise individual said, The best lack all conviction, while the worst are full of passionate intensity.
Once a wise individual said, The framers of our Constitution meant we were to have freedom of religion, not freedom from religion.
Once a wise individual said, Perhaps our own opposition to even the level of European integration we have now, let alone any more, is well known.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not broke. Like everybody else, I owe money.
Once a wise individual said, Galleries began growing in both number and size in the late seventies, when artists who worked in lofts wanted to exhibit their work in spaces similar to the ones the art was made in.
Once a wise individual said, If you like small government you need to work hard at having a strong national defense that is not so militant. Personal liberty is the purpose of government, to protect liberty - not to run your personal life, not to run the economy, and not to pretend that we can tell the world how they ought to live.
Once a wise individual said, It is truer to say that martyrs create faith more than faith creates martyrs.
Once a wise individual said, We should try to understand our innermost needs. We shouldn't use irony to reduce their power.
Once a wise individual said, Travel and society polish one, but a rolling stone gathers no moss, and a little moss is a good thing on a man.
Once a wise individual said, Without wearing any mask we are conscious of, we have a special face for each friend.
Once a wise individual said, The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it.
Once a wise individual said, In Mexico, theater is very underground, so if you're a theater actor it's very difficult to make a living. But it's also a very beautiful pathway to knowledge and to an open education.
Once a wise individual said, Just living is not enough... one must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.
Once a wise individual said, It is in the character of very few men to honor without envy a friend who has prospered.
Once a wise individual said, What else does anxiety about the future bring you but sorrow upon sorrow?
Once a wise individual said, We are watching industries crumble, Wall Street firms disappear, unemployment spike, and unprecedented government intervention. And our designated opinion leaders want to know: Is Obama up this week? Is he down? And is his leadership style more like Bill Clinton's, or Abraham Lincoln's?
Once a wise individual said, James Cameron has always been way ahead of the curve in terms of the use of technology in his movies.
Once a wise individual said, If the power to do hard work is not a skill, it's the best possible substitute for it.
Once a wise individual said, Isn't it a shame that future generations can't be here to see all the wonderful things we're doing with their money?
Once a wise individual said, Lotta people don't realize when you grow up with people, you have an affinity, a relationship you don't get with anyone else. After you're twenty years old, anyone you meet after that, it's different from the people you knew before.
Once a wise individual said, I have been particularly struck with the overwhelming evidence which is given as to the fitness of the natives of India for high offices and employments.
Once a wise individual said, I think the part of media that romanticizes criminal behavior, things that a person will say against women, profanity, being gangster, having multiple children with multiple men and women and not wanting to is prevalent. When you look at the majority of shows on television they placate that kind of behavior.
Once a wise individual said, I think I first realized I wanted to be in country music and be an artist when I was 10. And I started dragging my parents to festivals, and fairs, and karaoke contests, and I did that for about a year before I came to Nashville for the first time. I was 11 and I had this demo CD of me singing Dixie Chicks and Leanne Rimes songs.
Once a wise individual said, That's a central part of philosophy, of ethics. What do I owe to strangers? What do I owe to my family? What is it to live a good life? Those are questions which we face as individuals.
Once a wise individual said, The most important thing about technology is that it can seamlessly work its way into your routine and your life.
Once a wise individual said, Counting is the religion of this generation it is its hope and its salvation.
Once a wise individual said, A man doesn't know what he knows until he knows what he doesn't know.
Once a wise individual said, But let me tell you what happens when regulations go too far, when they seem to exist only for the purpose of justifying the existence of a regulator. It kills the people trying to start a business.
Once a wise individual said, Satire lies about literary men while they live and eulogy lies about them when they die.
Once a wise individual said, I was raised by a single mother who made a way for me. She used to scrub floors as a domestic worker, put a cleaning rag in her pocketbook and ride the subways in Brooklyn so I would have food on the table. But she taught me as I walked her to the subway that life is about not where you start, but where you're going. That's family values.
Once a wise individual said, Don't get me wrong - I've gone to a club. But I'd much rather be with my close friends at home or a concert, or on a trip. I'll go dancing with my grandma. She likes to cut a rug!
Once a wise individual said, Illiteracy is rampant. People are out of communication.
Once a wise individual said, I exercise every morning. I do light weights - 5lb and 10lb arm exercises - and then lie and lift my arms and legs. It's all about keeping core strength. I do a lot of stretching too.
Once a wise individual said, Leadership is something I was born with.
Once a wise individual said, When you're younger, your inspiration is there. As you get older, it tends to waver. Once you find it - I found it again - that's where you can draw from. That's where you draw your strength from.
Once a wise individual said, When it comes to raising civilized kids there are no hard rules, but there are two things on which most parents agree: Boys are generally wilder than girls, and adolescents are wilder than kids of any other age. If you've got an adolescent boy, you're in the sweet spot for trouble.
Once a wise individual said, Let age, not envy, draw wrinkles on thy cheeks.
Once a wise individual said, The Royal family to me are not England, and they are not the flag.
Once a wise individual said, Life is full of happiness and tears be strong and have faith.
Once a wise individual said, These days I travel so much it's hard to get into a routine. When I'm on the road, I tend to use hotel gyms. When I'm home in L.A., I like to hike and hit the surf. All in all, I try to keep a balanced diet and exercise routine, which has stood me in good stead to date.
Once a wise individual said, All truly great thoughts are conceived by walking.
Once a wise individual said, Morning comes whether you set the alarm or not.
Once a wise individual said, We are at our very best, and we are happiest, when we are fully engaged in work we enjoy on the journey toward the goal we've established for ourselves. It gives meaning to our time off and comfort to our sleep. It makes everything else in life so wonderful, so worthwhile.
Once a wise individual said, Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it.
Once a wise individual said, Truthful words are not beautiful beautiful words are not truthful. Good words are not persuasive persuasive words are not good.
Once a wise individual said, There is no greater glory than love, nor any great punishment than jealously.
Once a wise individual said, There are people who own cars and are getting free cell phones. A car helps one find a job, too. Where do you draw the line?
Once a wise individual said, Losing faith in your own singularity is the start of wisdom, I suppose also the first announcement of death.
Once a wise individual said, My dad was a musician. He was a singer and he played the guitar, so music was always around.
Once a wise individual said, Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it.
Once a wise individual said, President Obama's version of America is a divided one - pitting us against each other based on our income level, gender, and social status. His policies have failed! We are not better off than we were 4 years ago, and no rhetoric, bumper sticker, or campaign ad can change that.
Once a wise individual said, No Arab ruler will consider the peace process seriously so long as he is able to toy with the idea of achieving more by the way of violence.
Once a wise individual said, My father was an immigrant who literally walked across Europe to get out of Russia. He fought in World War I. He was wounded in action. My father was a great success even though he never had money. He was a very determined man, a great role model.
Once a wise individual said, Music is the divine way to tell beautiful, poetic things to the heart.
Once a wise individual said, It comes with faith, for with complete faith there is no fear of what faces you in life or death.
Once a wise individual said, It is enough that the people know there was an election. The people who cast the votes decide nothing. The people who count the votes decide everything.
Once a wise individual said, Black people dominate sports in the United States. 20% of the population and 90% of the final four.
Once a wise individual said, I was very fortunate to play sports. All the anger in me went out. I had to do what I had to do. If you stay angry all the time, then you really don't have a good life.
Once a wise individual said, You have no time to do the science if you're talking to the media.
Once a wise individual said, Whoever conquers a free town and does not demolish it commits a great error and may expect to be ruined himself.
Once a wise individual said, There is no desire more natural than the desire for knowledge.
Once a wise individual said, We should regret our mistakes and learn from them, but never carry them forward into the future with us.
Once a wise individual said, I think money in general hurts all sports.
Once a wise individual said, Youth cannot know how age thinks and feels. But old men are guilty if they forget what it was to be young.
Once a wise individual said, It's the quality of the ordinary, the straight, the square, that accounts for the great stability and success of our nation. It's a quality to be proud of. But it's a quality that many people seem to have neglected.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a sucker for sad disco pop.
Once a wise individual said, Education is hanging around until you've caught on.
Once a wise individual said, I was a vegan for two years, and I really enjoyed it. Then, I got to a point in my life at which I wanted to do something else, so now I'm a vegetarian. You should make your diet one that best fits you and how you feel. Listen to your body. The most important thing is to exercise, drink lots of water, and take really good care of yourself.
Once a wise individual said, It's hard for me to imagine that some people in the CIA who had firsthand knowledge would be unable to recognize that this would be helpful information for a soldier's death.
Once a wise individual said, But every time our ability to access information and to communicate it to others is improved, in some sense we have achieved an increase over natural intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, I'm going to be in technology for a long time.
Once a wise individual said, It doesn't matter that the way of life shown by Hollywood was phony. It helped you hope.
Once a wise individual said, For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.
Once a wise individual said, Probably it is impossible for humor to be ever a revolutionary weapon. Candide can do little more than generate irony.
Once a wise individual said, I suppose I have a really loose interpretation of 'work,' because I think that just being alive is so much work at something you don't always want to do. The machinery is always going. Even when you sleep.
Once a wise individual said, At times I experience hardship in trying to find the proper point of balance between traditional things and my own personality.
Once a wise individual said, My dream of politics all my life has been that it is the common business, that it is something we owe to each other to understand and discuss with absolute frankness.
Once a wise individual said, Why should conservationists have a positive interest in... farming? There are lots of reasons, but the plainest is: Conservationists eat.
Once a wise individual said, What people don't understand about Sarah Palin is that she is a rancher's wife. From Alberta down to Texas I've known women like that: good common sense, bright and vilified by city people.
Once a wise individual said, I am incredibly thankful for the strong support I have from my peers in the industry and of course my amazing fans.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is a political act because it involves telling the truth.
Once a wise individual said, The people of Israel are entitled, as is any other nation, to live in peace and safety.
Once a wise individual said, What the mass media offers is not popular art, but entertainment which is intended to be consumed like food, forgotten, and replaced by a new dish.
Once a wise individual said, It's almost seems as though there's a battle going on between the public and all the fast-food establishments, and, believe me, I think it's very tasty food.
Once a wise individual said, Anyone who has ever looked into the glazed eyes of a soldier dying on the battlefield will think hard before starting a war.
Once a wise individual said, If you can attribute your success entirely to your own mental effort, to your own attitude, to some spiritual essence that you have that is better than other people's, then that must feel pretty good.
Once a wise individual said, Dad, wherever you are, you are gone but you will never be forgotten.
Once a wise individual said, I propose that the government should get out of the business of marrying people and, instead, only give legal status to civil unions.
Once a wise individual said, Science is not a game in which arbitrary rules are used to decide what explanations are to be permitted.
Once a wise individual said, The true republic: men, their rights and nothing more women, their rights and nothing less.
Once a wise individual said, I feel like there was justice. It was served through the legal system you know. Everything that I endured. It was all worth it.
Once a wise individual said, Our Soviet espionage efforts had virtually never, or had very seldom, produced any worthwhile political or economic intelligence on the Soviet Union.
Once a wise individual said, I think since I was kid people told me that they thought I was funny.
Once a wise individual said, Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure.
Once a wise individual said, Our dilemma is that we hate change and love it at the same time what we really want is for things to remain the same but get better.
Once a wise individual said, We learn more by looking for the answer to a question and not finding it than we do from learning the answer itself.
Once a wise individual said, Most success springs from an obstacle or failure. I became a cartoonist largely because I failed in my goal of becoming a successful executive.
Once a wise individual said, The motto of chivalry is also the motto of wisdom to serve all, but love only one.
Once a wise individual said, Rumors sound of galleries asking artists for upsized art and more of it. I've heard of photographers asked to print larger to increase the wall power and salability of their work. Everything winds up set to maximum in order to feed the beast.
Once a wise individual said, Concentrated power has always been the enemy of liberty.
Once a wise individual said, The relationship between an actor and a director is like a love story between a man and a woman. I'm sure sometimes I'm the woman.
Once a wise individual said, When we are in love we seem to ourselves quite different from what we were before.
Once a wise individual said, Denzel's quality, I think, is his faith. You have all the action in your head and you have to believe in it and just do it. That's what he does and that's what he taught me to do.
Once a wise individual said, You know what the critics are. If you tell the truth they only say you're cynical and it does an author no good to get a reputation for cynicism.
Once a wise individual said, It is difficult to imagine how any behavior in the presence of another person can avoid being a communication of one's own view of the nature of one's relationship with that person and how it can fail to influence that person.
Once a wise individual said, Perhaps I am doomed to retrace my steps under the illusion that I am exploring, doomed to try and learn what I should simply recognize, learning a mere fraction of what I have forgotten.
Once a wise individual said, Once you've wrestled, everything else in life is easy.
Once a wise individual said, Faith is different from proof the latter is human, the former is a Gift from God.
Once a wise individual said, Her angel's face, As the great eye of heaven shined bright, And made a sunshine in the shady place.
Once a wise individual said, The Negro people of America... have cut our forests, tilled our fields, built our railroads, fought our battles, and in all of their trials they have manifested a simple faith, a grateful heart, a cheerful spirit, and an undivided loyalty .
Once a wise individual said, I've never had siblings, I didn't grow up in a big family it was just me and my single mom. And hectic family dysfunction was actually something that I craved.
Once a wise individual said, Unless we abandon elements which resemble a police state, we can't meet the demands of being a modern society.
Once a wise individual said, It is through art, and through art only, that we can realise our perfection.
Once a wise individual said, My earliest memory is seeing Michael Jackson in Melbourne with my sister when I was about ten. I still have this souvenir stick with a glove that would light up and make a peace sign in a bunch of different colors. I'm so happy my mom didn't throw that out.
Once a wise individual said, Computer technology is so built into our lives that it's part of the surround of every artist.
Once a wise individual said, It is unfair to blame man too fiercely for being pugnacious he learned the habit from Nature.
Once a wise individual said, If a man like Malcolm X could change and repudiate racism, if I myself and other former Muslims can change, if young whites can change, then there is hope for America.
Once a wise individual said, I do know that some Buddhists are able to attain peace of mind.
Once a wise individual said, Film, for me, has been a process of learning on the job.
Once a wise individual said, I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude.
Once a wise individual said, Always get married in the morning. That way if it doesn't work out, you haven't wasted the whole day.
Once a wise individual said, Well, when I was younger, I lied all the time, because once you understand the power of lying, it's really like magic because you transform reality for people.
Once a wise individual said, I truly believe that everything that we do and everyone that we meet is put in our path for a purpose. There are no accidents we're all teachers - if we're willing to pay attention to the lessons we learn, trust our positive instincts and not be afraid to take risks or wait for some miracle to come knocking at our door.
Once a wise individual said, So I wanted to sing inspirational music, and that's exactly how I approached it - only the words have been changed to declare my relationship with God.
Once a wise individual said, I feel like every project I've ever done has had music involved in it somehow.
Once a wise individual said, Act happy, feel happy, be happy, without a reason in the world. Then you can love, and do what you will.
Once a wise individual said, The ideal death, I think, is what was the ideal Victorian death, you know, with your grandchildren around you, a bit of sobbing. And you say goodbye to your loved ones, making certain that one of them has been left behind to look after the shop.
Once a wise individual said, Minimalism seems closest to the sophisticated storytelling of movies. Movies have really educated contemporary audiences to be the most intelligent, sophisticated audiences in history. We don't any longer need to have the relationship between one scene and the next explained. We will figure it out ourselves.
Once a wise individual said, If there is any one secret of success, it lies in the ability to get the other person's point of view and see things from that person's angle as well as from your own.
Once a wise individual said, Of course, bad marriages are so pervasive that they have invaded the faith community too.
Once a wise individual said, Of the primary emotions, fear is the one that bears most directly on survival. Children show fear. Adults try not to, maybe because it's shameful, or, in some circumstances, dangerous. The fear response is automatic, though, and your body runs through its reflexes whether you want it to or not.
Once a wise individual said, Staid middle age loves the hurricane passions of opera.
Once a wise individual said, I fear some of our leaders today have lost the courage to stand up. What we have now are politicians. They won't offer real plans, and only stand up when they want to blame someone else.
Once a wise individual said, The hours of folly are measured by the clock but of wisdom, no clock can measure.
Once a wise individual said, A poem can have an impact, but you can't expect an audience to understand all the nuances.
Once a wise individual said, Is the patience of the American people that long suffering? Is there no outrage left in the country?
Once a wise individual said, Only then, approaching my fortieth birthday, I made philosophy my life's work.
Once a wise individual said, A wedding anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance and tenacity. The order varies for any given year.
Once a wise individual said, We find delight in the beauty and happiness of children that makes the heart too big for the body.
Once a wise individual said, After every major conflict - World War I, World War II, Korea, Vietnam, the fall of the Soviet Union - what happened was that we ultimately hollowed out the force, largely by doing deep across-the-board cuts.
Once a wise individual said, Every time I see an adult on a bicycle, I no longer despair for the future of the human race.
Once a wise individual said, Yes, it is a rehearsed show, yes, it was analogy of going to see a play at the theatre, where everything has to be in place and whole things, everything being works, all works together to get the best effect you know it's more like an actor learning a part.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom is never dear at any price. It is the breath of life. What would a man not pay for living?
Once a wise individual said, I have a character failing. I am quite incapable of identifying with anything whole-heartedly. Whatever I am doing, I am always planning to do something else. I would rather travel than arrive.
Once a wise individual said, We should not pretend to understand the world only by the intellect. The judgement of the intellect is only part of the truth.
Once a wise individual said, I've got many close friends, but there's an awful lot about friendship that is not demonstrative in my case.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of people have great hope, and a lot of people who have great hope live. And, some of them who have great hope die. So it's not that hope is going to save you.
Once a wise individual said, You may either win your peace or buy it: win it, by resistance to evil buy it, by compromise with evil.
Once a wise individual said, All I try to do is as earnestly and as acutely as I can, conceive a character and try to portray this character just honestly. If the humor is within the absurdity and the awfulness of situations, then let it be seen that way.
Once a wise individual said, Digital imaging has untied our hands with regards to technical limitations. We no longer have to be arbiters of technology we get to participate in the interpretation of technology into creative content.
Once a wise individual said, In finding love, I think it's important to be patient. In being in a relationship, I think it's important to be honest, to communicate, to respect and trust, and to strive to give more than you take.
Once a wise individual said, Work alone is noble.
Once a wise individual said, The same principles which at first view lead to skepticism, pursued to a certain point, bring men back to common sense.
Once a wise individual said, Enslave the liberty of but one human being and the liberties of the world are put in peril.
Once a wise individual said, For a long time all I wanted for Christmas were books about outdoor survival. I was convinced that the woods were calling me. I camped a lot, I took classes. At 18, I told myself if I don't live in the woods by myself by the time I'm 25, I have failed.
Once a wise individual said, I hardly remember how I started to write poetry. It's hard to imagine what I thought poetry could do.
Once a wise individual said, It really lasted the whole game, because I was really untouchable, unstoppable that game. But it was heightened on one particular play, and that was the longest run where everything completely slowed down. My awareness was so keen, it was so heightened, it was really amazing.
Once a wise individual said, A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money.
Once a wise individual said, There is a different future that is available to North Korea, if they choose differently.
Once a wise individual said, The babe at first feeds upon the mother's bosom, but it is always on her heart.
Once a wise individual said, I think that a song, when it works, never mind a piece of long form music, even a song is something that speaks to itself but has a language all of its own, ideally.
Once a wise individual said, The sexes were made for each other, and only in the wise and loving union of the two is the fullness of health and duty and happiness to be expected.
Once a wise individual said, It is a sad day for our country when the moral foundation of our law and the acknowledgment of God has to be hidden from public view to appease a federal judge.
Once a wise individual said, It gets kinda monotonous, but that's television. There are plus sides and down sides. The positive side is that you have steady work for nine months of the year for however many years your show is on TV,.
Once a wise individual said, It isn't enough to talk about peace. One must believe in it. And it isn't enough to believe in it. One must work at it.
Once a wise individual said, But by providing the background picture - the universal situational awareness that we desire - by showing the anomalies, the Space-Based Radar will change the nature of how we do our analysis and our intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, Man does not live by soap alone and hygiene, or even health, is not much good unless you can take a healthy view of it or, better still, feel a healthy indifference to it.
Once a wise individual said, Every act of conscious learning requires the willingness to suffer an injury to one's self-esteem. That is why young children, before they are aware of their own self-importance, learn so easily.
Once a wise individual said, I didn't think that college math was for me. I didn't think I'd be able to hack it. And that perception of math not being for girls, not being for girls who see themselves as socially well adjusted has got to change.
Once a wise individual said, How we think shows through in how we act. Attitudes are mirrors of the mind. They reflect thinking.
Once a wise individual said, The U.K. needs a system for family migration underpinned by three simple principles. One: that those who come here should do so on the basis of a genuine relationship. Two: that migrants should be able to pay their way. And three: that they are able to integrate into British society.
Once a wise individual said, We're here to bring beauty to the world and make a difference in this planet. That's what art forms are about.
Once a wise individual said, It became very clear to the director that it would be foolish not to use our friendship. I had tried to talk to him about it because all the relationships in the film are so, not negative, but antagonistic. There's not a lot of love going around.
Once a wise individual said, I lived with my mom in a really small apartment. My bedroom was like in the living room. That's why I still love to sleep on couches now.
Once a wise individual said, A nation which has forgotten the quality of courage which in the past has been brought to public life is not as likely to insist upon or regard that quality in its chosen leaders today - and in fact we have forgotten.
Once a wise individual said, The two operations of our understanding, intuition and deduction, on which alone we have said we must rely in the acquisition of knowledge.
Once a wise individual said, To love someone means to see him as God intended him.
Once a wise individual said, I can't drag myself away from 'Final Cut Pro.' It is a digital video editing system. I am obsessed with it, but I am always away from home, and I can't use it.
Once a wise individual said, Christ would be a national advertiser today, I am sure, as He was a great advertiser in His own day. He thought of His life as business.
Once a wise individual said, When the people you love are gone, you're alone.
Once a wise individual said, Probability is expectation founded upon partial knowledge. A perfect acquaintance with all the circumstances affecting the occurrence of an event would change expectation into certainty, and leave nether room nor demand for a theory of probabilities.
Once a wise individual said, In science, a healthy skepticism is a professional necessity, whereas in religion, having belief without evidence is regarded as a virtue.
Once a wise individual said, There are a lot of female artists my age around at the moment, but they're all American and blonde and blue-eyed and smiley. I'm totally the opposite of that. I want to show a bit more attitude and I have an opinion.
Once a wise individual said, True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness comes only when we push our brains and hearts to the farthest reaches of which we are capable.
Once a wise individual said, The only thing that white people have that black people need, or should want, is power-and no one holds power forever.
Once a wise individual said, When I was almost 13 I was ripe for religion. I was actually just plain ripe.
Once a wise individual said, As state leaders, I think its important for us to provide our perspectives on issues we face every day - like access to school spending, access to health care and governing in a global economy.
Once a wise individual said, You have to look at history as an evolution of society.
Once a wise individual said, Finding that balance between work and family is the hardest thing I've ever done - by far.
Once a wise individual said, What is the essence of America? Finding and maintaining that perfect, delicate balance between freedom 'to' and freedom 'from.'
Once a wise individual said, There will never be great architects or great architecture without great patrons.
Once a wise individual said, Men judge us by the success of our efforts. God looks at the efforts themselves.
Once a wise individual said, It isn't false modesty when I say this, but although I am supposed to be a famous person it doesn't mean anything to me. I just sit at home and work.
Once a wise individual said, The lunch in a normal American restaurant is very problematic for me. I don't like to have hot food for lunch.
Once a wise individual said, Home life ceases to be free and beautiful as soon as it is founded on borrowing and debt.
Once a wise individual said, I have never wanted to be famous, as such - fame is a by-product.
Once a wise individual said, Get up tomorrow early in the morning, and earlier than you did today, and do the best that you can. Always stay near me, for tomorrow I will have much to do and more than I ever had, and tomorrow blood will leave my body above the breast.
Once a wise individual said, In a disordered mind, as in a disordered body, soundness of health is impossible.
Once a wise individual said, The unexamined life is not worth living.
Once a wise individual said, Knowledge of human nature is the beginning and end of political education.
Once a wise individual said, The most boring scenes are the scenes where a character is alone.
Once a wise individual said, A blank wall of social and professional antagonism faces the woman physician that forms a situation of singular and painful loneliness, leaving her without support, respect or professional counsel.
Once a wise individual said, The first wealth is health.
Once a wise individual said, You have many years ahead of you to create the dreams that we can't even imagine dreaming. You have done more for the collective unconscious of this planet than you will ever know.
Once a wise individual said, Part of the problem is when we bring in a new technology we expect it to be perfect in a way that we don't expect the world that we're familiar with to be perfect.
Once a wise individual said, Now, if you're Al Gore, you can afford $10 a pop for squiggly-pig-tailed fluorescent light bulbs. But if you're mainstream America, two or three kids, mom and dad working outside the home, that's not a very good deal.
Once a wise individual said, Everything is just better in California - the wine, the food, fruits and vegetables, the comforts of living. Even the instrumentalists are generous and curious. Everything is wonderful.
Once a wise individual said, With paper printed books, you have certain freedoms. You can acquire the book anonymously by paying cash, which is the way I always buy books. I never use a credit card. I don't identify to any database when I buy books. Amazon takes away that freedom.
Once a wise individual said, I don't know if you can change things, but it's a drop in the ocean.
Once a wise individual said, AP promoted me to the White House beat because I knew Clinton, his family, friends, and staff better than anybody in the national press corps. Those contacts helped me break a few stories and get my career in Washington jump-started.
Once a wise individual said, Getting ahead in a difficult profession requires avid faith in yourself. That is why some people with mediocre talent, but with great inner drive, go so much further than people with vastly superior talent.
Once a wise individual said, It is only when men begin to worship that they begin to grow.
Once a wise individual said, I'm certainly not the first person to be in a relationship with a younger man, but somehow I was plucked out as a bit of a poster girl.
Once a wise individual said, Studies perfect nature and are perfected still by experience.
Once a wise individual said, Let the great world spin for ever down the ringing grooves of change.
Once a wise individual said, Nobody under the sun was like Madonna. She was positive and clear and wholly dedicated to achieving everything that she's achieved.
Once a wise individual said, It is a curious sensation: the sort of pain that goes mercifully beyond our powers of feeling. When your heart is broken, your boats are burned: nothing matters any more. It is the end of happiness and the beginning of peace.
Once a wise individual said, Law describes the way things would work if men were angels.
Once a wise individual said, My memories are of my dad taking me to football on Saturday mornings, and my mum taking me swimming. Those are the things I remember from my childhood, not sitting around the table debating capitalism and the profit squeeze.
Once a wise individual said, Anyone who saw Nagasaki would suddenly realize that they'd been kept in the dark by the United States government as to what atomic bombs can do.
Once a wise individual said, I am a filmmaker. That is all I've ever been. You know, Martin Scorsese makes films about the mob. And I make movies about food.
Once a wise individual said, Attachment parenting is not a passive parenting style.
Once a wise individual said, From the naturalistic point of view, all men are equal. There are only two exceptions to this rule of naturalistic equality: geniuses and idiots.
Once a wise individual said, Buddhism has a very beautiful teaching that says the worst thing you can do to your soul is to tell someone their faith is wrong.
Once a wise individual said, Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.
Once a wise individual said, I just travel all the time. And I was just looking at the schedules now and starting the first week of October I will be every weekend with somebody at tournaments through Christmas. So it gets very difficult to just go away and not do that.
Once a wise individual said, There is a huge need and a huge opportunity to get everyone in the world connected, to give everyone a voice and to help transform society for the future. The scale of the technology and infrastructure that must be built is unprecedented, and we believe this is the most important problem we can focus on.
Once a wise individual said, Basically, women have to prove they are strong at all times. And then when they go on the attack, they have to not appear mean because those women often get the label of being catty.
Once a wise individual said, I've never stopped learning.
Once a wise individual said, Wisdom lies neither in fixity nor in change, but in the dialectic between the two.
Once a wise individual said, In science the important thing is to modify and change one's ideas as science advances.
Once a wise individual said, Beauty, more than bitterness, makes the heart break.
Once a wise individual said, Love casts out fear, but we have to get over the fear in order to get close enough to love them.
Once a wise individual said, Don Quixote's misfortune is not his imagination, but Sancho Panza.
Once a wise individual said, If you get a diagnosis, get on a therapy, keep a good attitude and keep your sense of humor.
Once a wise individual said, When everything happens to you when you're so young, you're very lucky, but by the same token, you're never going to have that same feeling again. The first time anything happens to you - your first love, your first success - the second one is never the same.
Once a wise individual said, The year most of my high school friends and I got our driver's permits, the coolest thing one could do was stand outside after school and twirl one's car keys like a lifeguard whistle. That jingling sound meant freedom and power.
Once a wise individual said, With courage and character, American soldiers continue to put themselves on the line to defend our freedom, and so many have paid the ultimate sacrifice.
Once a wise individual said, Mohammed was not an apparent failure. He was a dazzling success, politically as well as spiritually, and Islam went from strength to strength to strength.
Once a wise individual said, The failure of women to produce genius of the first rank in most of the supreme forms of human effort has been used to block the way of all women of talent and ambition for intellectual achievement.
Once a wise individual said, You should be able to voice your opinion and respect the voice of the other side. You should be willing to educate yourself and know what it is you're dealing with.
Once a wise individual said, The hope and change the Democrats had in mind was nothing more than a retread of the failed and discredited socialist policies that have been the enemy of freedom for centuries all over the world. I fear America is teetering towards tyranny.
Once a wise individual said, What's so touching is the way we fight the war right until the moment our business is taken care of and then we turn on a dime and we immediately start taking care of people. It's like a shock and aw shucks campaign.
Once a wise individual said, Since the goal of my programs is to show audiences how humor can both help them heal as well as deal with not-so-funny stuff, I decided to discuss the events of the previous week, the pain all of us were feeling, and how humor and some laughter might be beneficial.
Once a wise individual said, To be happy, we must be true to nature and carry our age along with us.
Once a wise individual said, There must be people who remember World War II and the Holocaust who can help us get out of this rut.
Once a wise individual said, True nobility is exempt from fear.
Once a wise individual said, I've never mentioned this, but when I was at Parsons teaching, the other design disciplines, they don't like fashion design. They see it as very nineteenth-century.
Once a wise individual said, Love is never defeated, and I could add, the history of Ireland proves it.
Once a wise individual said, It's time to say goodbye, but I think goodbyes are sad and I'd much rather say hello. Hello to a new adventure.
Once a wise individual said, The age in which we live, this non-stop distraction, is making it more impossible for the young generation to ever have the curiosity or discipline... because you need to be alone to find out anything.
Once a wise individual said, When you start to develop your powers of empathy and imagination, the whole world opens up to you.
Once a wise individual said, Everything that goes up must come down. But there comes a time when not everything that's down can come up.
Once a wise individual said, Most of the musicians that I know almost to the man everybody uses Apple computers. They've thought of the steps that you're going to think of when you're trying to create your thing. And that's where the tools get invented to make better art.
Once a wise individual said, You look at the greatest villains in human history, the fascists, the autocrats, they all wanted people to kneel before them because they don't love themselves enough.
Once a wise individual said, The man with the real sense of humor is the man who can put himself in the spectator's place and laugh at his own misfortune.
Once a wise individual said, Never be in a hurry do everything quietly and in a calm spirit. Do not lose your inner peace for anything whatsoever, even if your whole world seems upset.
Once a wise individual said, In this world you've just got to hope for the best and prepare for the worst and take whatever God sends.
Once a wise individual said, For it is mutual trust, even more than mutual interest that holds human associations together. Our friends seldom profit us but they make us feel safe. Marriage is a scheme to accomplish exactly that same end.
Once a wise individual said, I will check the internet for at least an hour every morning scanning worldwide news to do with child abuse. So if you're constantly putting yourself in an environment where you're checking up on social economics or homelessness problems, if you keep yourself aware of it, you don't really have a day off.
Once a wise individual said, There are many victories worse than a defeat.
Once a wise individual said, The war is dreadful. It is the business of the artist to follow it home to the heart of the individual fighters - not to talk in armies and nations and numbers - but to track it home.
Once a wise individual said, I think Paul Newman had an amazing career. I also love what Tom Hanks has done. He has always made very grounded movies that have something to say. He has found a way to make blockbusters that are about something and that is what I want to do.
Once a wise individual said, I don't care how pumped up or psyched you are to start a new diet or a new program - that emotion will fade.
Once a wise individual said, Every move we make in fear of the next war in fact hastens it.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think the competition's so rough, within the majority of movies made in Hollywood.
Once a wise individual said, Men are convinced of your arguments, your sincerity, and the seriousness of your efforts only by your death.
Once a wise individual said, I think there is a tendency in science to measure what is measurable and to decide that what you cannot measure must be uninteresting.
Once a wise individual said, In mainstream romantic comedies, I'm usually tearing my hair out. It's just a devastatingly difficult genre for me.
Once a wise individual said, A peace deal requires agreements, and you don't make agreements with your friends, you make agreements with your enemies.
Once a wise individual said, Come Christmas Eve, we usually go to my mom and dad's. Everybody brings one gift and then we play that game when we all steal it from each other. Some are really cool, others are useful and some are a bit out there.
Once a wise individual said, Leftism seeks to undo most of the values that are distinct to Judeo-Christian religion.
Once a wise individual said, Those who love him love that he sells the most art they take it as a point of faith that this proves Kinkade is the best. But his fans don't only rely on this supply-and-demand justification. They go back to values.
Once a wise individual said, Faith is the substance of hope - of things hoped for and the evidence of things not seen. So if you can hope for it and imagine it, and keep imagining and hoping and seeing yourself driving a new car, or seeing yourself getting that job, or seeing yourself excel, seeing yourself help that person - that is faith.
Once a wise individual said, If I knew for a certainty that a man was coming to my house with the conscious design of doing me good, I should run for my life.
Once a wise individual said, I've always felt toward the slightest scene, even if all I had to do in a scene was just to come in and say, 'Hi,' that the people ought to get their money's worth and that this is an obligation of mine, to give them the best you can get from me.
Once a wise individual said, When I remember my family, I always remember their backs. They were always indignantly leaving places.
Once a wise individual said, Woz is living his own life now. He hasn't been around Apple for about five years. But what he did will go down in history.
Once a wise individual said, Well in the end the world can crank itself up to sanctions, as it has with Zimbabwe, another sad case.
Once a wise individual said, People are not perfect... very often the relationships that are strongest are those where people have worked through big crises, but they've had to work through them. So the challenge to us is to work through that.
Once a wise individual said, A woman has two smiles that an angel might envy, the smile that accepts a lover before words are uttered, and the smile that lights on the first born babe, and assures it of a mother's love.
Once a wise individual said, When you are fitted in a racing car and you race to win, second or third place is not enough.
Once a wise individual said, As for the forces, electromagnetism and gravity we experience in everyday life. But the weak and strong forces are beyond our ordinary experience. So in physics, lots of the basic building blocks take 20th- or perhaps 21st-century equipment to explore.
Once a wise individual said, Bad things do happen how I respond to them defines my character and the quality of my life. I can choose to sit in perpetual sadness, immobilized by the gravity of my loss, or I can choose to rise from the pain and treasure the most precious gift I have - life itself.
Once a wise individual said, You know, I started my career in politics in 1967. I'm not new to this. I did not just fall off the Christmas tree. I understand the world is complex. I know that there are people out there who want to hurt other people.
Once a wise individual said, I like photographs which leave something to the imagination.
Once a wise individual said, Am I athletic? In my dreams.
Once a wise individual said, Moving between the legs of tables and of chairs, rising or falling, grasping at kisses and toys, advancing boldly, sudden to take alarm, retreating to the corner of arm and knee, eager to be reassured, taking pleasure in the fragrant brilliance of the Christmas tree.
Once a wise individual said, I think that the problem is that people fear so many things and they don't live life to its fullest. And for me as an artist, if God should want me to come this Wednesday to the end of my life, so be it.
Once a wise individual said, We become not a melting pot but a beautiful mosaic. Different people, different beliefs, different yearnings, different hopes, different dreams.
Once a wise individual said, The Islam of the 18th, 19th and first half of the 20th century was a poor thing. Nobody bothered about it. Islam was that funny sort of pure system of beliefs that depressed people in the Middle East held as their religion.
Once a wise individual said, Women's sports is still in its infancy. The beginning of women's sports in the United States started in 1972, with the passage of Title 9 for girls to finally get athletic scholarships.
Once a wise individual said, Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times.
Once a wise individual said, My whole family is very sarcastic and constantly making jokes.
Once a wise individual said, If we eat any food, or drink any beverage, we must recite a blessing over them before and after.
Once a wise individual said, Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens.
Once a wise individual said, A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside.
Once a wise individual said, I believe this with all my heart: The greatest coach of all time in my eyes is my mom. She's instilled in me a toughness and a perseverance and just a never-quit mentality, and I thank her every day for providing me, for what she sacrificed her life for.
Once a wise individual said, Knowledge is going to make you stronger. Knowledge is going to let you control your life. Knowledge is going to give you the wisdom to teach their children. Knowledge is the thing that makes you smile in the face of disaster.
Once a wise individual said, However, there is no legal and legitimate state called Israel.
Once a wise individual said, I think being a wealthy member of the establishment is the antithesis of cool. Being a countercultural revolutionary is cool. So to the extent that you've made a billion dollars, you've probably become uncool.
Once a wise individual said, I can't imagine anything more worthwhile than doing what I most love. And they pay me for it.
Once a wise individual said, When I write stuff and I help cast it, I turn away good people all the time. I may turn them down because this one's too tall and that one doesn't have a high enough voice or this one looks to old to match up with that one - there's a billion reasons not to hire somebody.
Once a wise individual said, I desire an special interest in your prayers that my faith fail not in the day of adversity.
Once a wise individual said, Nature is the art of God.
Once a wise individual said, I'm learning Spanish - I got Rosetta Stone for Christmas.
Once a wise individual said, I'm really not interested in other people's opinions, because I think frankly most of those opinions are either misinformed and adding to this endless ball of hot air we have in our society where everyone thinks their opinion is valuable and sacred and what counts.
Once a wise individual said, Perhaps religious conscience upsets the designs of those who feel that the highest wisdom and authority comes from government. But from the beginning, this nation trusted in God, not man. Religious liberty is the first freedom in our Constitution.
Once a wise individual said, People ask me how I keep my figure, and I tell them it's because I paint. When you're covered in paint, it's quite hard to put food in your mouth!
Once a wise individual said, Science is always discovering odd scraps of magical wisdom and making a tremendous fuss about its cleverness.
Once a wise individual said, I enjoy being busy, I really do. Remember, I'm the stub end of the railroad. I have no family, so I'm not taking busy time away from people that I should be spending it with. So I'm just relaxing and enjoying it.
Once a wise individual said, Cruelty is the law pervading all nature and society and we can't get out of it if we would.
Once a wise individual said, I'm enjoying dating. I'm single, though, I'm not in a relationship.
Once a wise individual said, Film is a very young art that is still evolving. Soon, we shall reach a balance between content and technology.
Once a wise individual said, I'm just not a natural teacher.
Once a wise individual said, I've programmed myself musically to come up with love-feeling tracks that are romantic, sexy, but classy, all in one. And that's the challenge. Once I create that music, then the lyrical content starts to come - you know, the stories and things like that.
Once a wise individual said, I know from my own experience and from other people in the business that when you come from a place where nobody knew who you were and then there is this sudden shift to where everybody now knows who you are, there's an adjustment that you have to make.
Once a wise individual said, Computers are famous for being able to do complicated things starting from simple programs.
Once a wise individual said, When strength is yoked with justice, where is a mightier pair than they?
Once a wise individual said, I'm not great at dating, but I need to do it to relax.
Once a wise individual said, I'm home schooled, and I have a teacher that goes with me on all my movies.
Once a wise individual said, Although my dad was a doctor, we weren't necessarily a super-artsy family. We were just a classic, traditional family who got to take a lot of piano lessons and became a bunch of musicians.
Once a wise individual said, I hope to have communion with the people, that is the most important thing.
Once a wise individual said, Courage without conscience is a wild beast.
Once a wise individual said, I never rode in an automobile until I was 12.
Once a wise individual said, There was a point - when I was a kid - where I said I wanted to be like Luke Skywalker, with blond hair and blue eyes. My mom right there told me to never be ashamed of who I am.
Once a wise individual said, The only time some people work like a horse is when the boss rides them.
Once a wise individual said, The great pleasure of a dog is that you may make a fool of yourself with him and not only will he not scold you, but he will make a fool of himself too.
Once a wise individual said, A man who trusts nobody is apt to be the kind of man nobody trusts.
Once a wise individual said, John Candy knew he was going to die. He told me on his 40th birthday. He said, well, Maureen, I'm on borrowed time.
Once a wise individual said, Sorrows gather around great souls as storms do around mountains but, like them, they break the storm and purify the air of the plain beneath them.
Once a wise individual said, Most men's anger about religion is as if two men should quarrel for a lady they neither of them care for.
Once a wise individual said, Some theists in evolutionary science acquiesce to these tacit rules and retain a personal faith while accepting a thoroughly naturalistic picture of physical reality.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is a mere drug, Sir.
Once a wise individual said, The five different areas in which boys are in crisis - education jobs emotional health physical health and fatherlessness - are handled by different portions of the government.
Once a wise individual said, All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers.
Once a wise individual said, Education is the process in which we discover that learning adds quality to our lives. Learning must be experienced.
Once a wise individual said, Being forced to work, and forced to do your best, will breed in you temperance and self-control, diligence and strength of will, cheerfulness and content, and a hundred virtues which the idle will never know.
Once a wise individual said, Compromise makes a good umbrella, but a poor roof it is temporary expedient, often wise in party politics, almost sure to be unwise in statesmanship.
Once a wise individual said, Favored Nations is a long-term commitment. Our hope is that those who are passionate about real musicianship will want to hear and own most of our albums. We will set out to attain the same direct relationship with our customers that we have with our artists.
Once a wise individual said, I try to keep a low profile in general. Not with my art, but just as a person.
Once a wise individual said, Remote villages and communities have lost their identity, and their peace and charm have been sacrificed to that worst of abominations, the automobile.
Once a wise individual said, I am the granddaughter of a Welsh coal miner who was determined that his kids get out of the mines. My dad got his first job when he was six years old, in a little village in Wales called Nantyffyllon, cleaning bottles at the Colliers Arms.
Once a wise individual said, The power of the harasser, the abuser, the rapist depends above all on the silence of women.
Once a wise individual said, I've met so many fans of daytime television who've watched the shows with their moms and grandmas and feel like they've known the characters their whole lives. It's sad for them to have to say goodbye to their favorite soaps and characters. We don't want that to happen to the 'Days' fans.
Once a wise individual said, When there is state there can be no freedom, but when there is freedom there will be no state.
Once a wise individual said, The man who will use his skill and constructive imagination to see how much he can give for a dollar, instead of how little he can give for a dollar, is bound to succeed.
Once a wise individual said, Only the broken-hearted know the truth about love.
Once a wise individual said, I hope we will not so characterize religious people as being so narrow and so biased towards people not of their own religion that they cannot even work with them in this common cause to which you say they are committed.
Once a wise individual said, Our learning ought to be our lives' amendment, and the fruits of our private study ought to appear in our public behavior.
Once a wise individual said, I did commit to myself that I would not jump back into being the workaholic that I can be before I gave myself an honest opportunity to create the marriage of my dreams and to create the beginning of the family of my dreams, and that took a hot second.
Once a wise individual said, Do not quench your inspiration and your imagination do not become the slave of your model.
Once a wise individual said, You know, I'm just not going to get into American politics.
Once a wise individual said, Even though money seems such an objective topic, it can also be the most intimate, and possibly harmful, part of a relationship.
Once a wise individual said, The mind controls so much of the body. We are much more than flesh and blood we are complex systems. Patients do better when they have faith that they're going to do better. That's why I always tell my patients and their families not to neglect their prayers. There's nobody I don't say that to.
Once a wise individual said, I know a lot of people dread going to work every morning, but my work is playing pretend and doing stunts and screaming. It's a lot of fun and I get to play dress up. Every day is exciting and different and new and cool. I couldn't be more grateful.
Once a wise individual said, I remind myself every morning: Nothing I say this day will teach me anything. So if I'm going to learn, I must do it by listening.
Once a wise individual said, The appeal of cinema lies in the fear of death.
Once a wise individual said, Saudi Arabia is a puritanical state that claims a monopoly of wisdom and virtue.
Once a wise individual said, But the gravest difficulty, and perhaps the most important, in poetry meant solely for recitation, is the difficulty of achieving verbal beauty, or rather of making verbal beauty tell.
Once a wise individual said, Ah, the bond between English boys and California girls. For those of us who aren't either, it's a bond that fascinates and mystifies. So much of the world's favorite music comes out of that relationship.
Once a wise individual said, Success cannot come from standstill men. Methods change and men must change with them.
Once a wise individual said, For the past 33 years, I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: 'If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?' And whenever the answer has been 'No' for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something.
Once a wise individual said, Most schools have only a microwave or deep fryer, hardly the tools needed to feed our children real, fresh food.
Once a wise individual said, Mental illness is the last frontier. The gay thing is part of everyday life now on a show like 'Modern Family,' but mental illness is still full of stigma. Maybe it is time for that to change.
Once a wise individual said, I had to learn how to chop wood actually - I don't think my dad would have let me go chop wood in the backyard growing up.
Once a wise individual said, Like everybody, I have invested in things that have gone bad, because there's never any guarantee of success or profit when it comes to money.
Once a wise individual said, I think Russian people are learning that democracy is not an alien thing it's not a western invention.
Once a wise individual said, Values are principles and ideas that bring meaning to the seemingly mundane experience of life. A meaningful life that ultimately brings happiness and pride requires you to respond to temptations as well as challenges with honor, dignity, and courage.
Once a wise individual said, In George Bush you get experience, and with me you get - The Future!
Once a wise individual said, I try to speak of a love that not necessarily romantic. I think there is so much love between people and so much love people want to give but it's harder and harder these days to show that, to celebrate that, you know?
Once a wise individual said, We submit to the majority because we have to. But we are not compelled to call our attitude of subjection a posture of respect.
Once a wise individual said, So, poetry becomes a means for useful dialogue between people who are not only unknown, but mute to each other. It produces a dialogue among people that guards all of us against manipulation by our so-called leaders.
Once a wise individual said, At home I'm just a guy who has interests that extend far beyond music.
Once a wise individual said, When I heard the royal family wanted to have me perform in celebration of Prince William's marriage, I knew I had to give them a little something. 'Wet' is the perfect anthem for Prince William or any playa to get the club smokin'.
Once a wise individual said, I never wore a tie voluntarily, even though I was forced to wear one for photos when I was young and for official events at school. I used to wrap my tie in a newspaper, and whenever the teacher checked I would quickly put it on again. I'm not used to it. Most Bolivians don't wear ties.
Once a wise individual said, The age of innocent faith in science and technology may be over.
Once a wise individual said, As a mom, I know it is my responsibility, and no one else's, to raise my kids. But we have to ask ourselves, what does it mean when so many parents are finding their best efforts undermined by an avalanche of advertisements aimed at our kids.
Once a wise individual said, Politics is very interesting and always leads to conflict.
Once a wise individual said, Leave it as it is. The ages have been at work on it and man can only mar it.
Once a wise individual said, She can't even chew gum and walk in a straight line, let alone write a book.
Once a wise individual said, My Dad is my hero. He's 85 now and he is in great health. He is handsome and strong. He has an incredible moral and ethical backbone. I couldn't have been luckier with my parents.
Once a wise individual said, If I want to be alone, some place I can write, I can read, I can pray, I can cry, I can do whatever I want - I go to the bathroom.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a romantic, and we romantics are more sensitive to the way people feel. We love more, and we hurt more. When we're hurt, we hurt for a long time.
Once a wise individual said, The animals that depend on instinct have an inherent knowledge of the laws of economics and of how to apply them Man, with his powers of reason, has reduced economics to the level of a farce which is at once funnier and more tragic than Tobacco Road.
Once a wise individual said, Power is so characteristically calm, that calmness in itself has the aspect of strength.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not dead and I don't have blue hair but some people say there are similarities. It is usually intolerable to watch myself onscreen but this time it's fine. I think it's beautiful and a real work of art.
Once a wise individual said, Life is doubt, and faith without doubt is nothing but death.
Once a wise individual said, As Prime Minister Netanyahu and Defense Minister Barak have repeatedly said, the intelligence and security relationship between the United States and Israel at present is unprecedented. It has never been stronger.
Once a wise individual said, Too many problem-solving sessions become battlegrounds where decisions are made based on power rather than intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, When I have a terrible need of - shall I say the word - religion. Then I go out and paint the stars.
Once a wise individual said, I think one of the things that language poets are very involved with is getting away from conventional ideas of beauty, because those ideas contain a certain attitude toward women, certain attitudes toward sex, certain attitudes toward race, etc.
Once a wise individual said, Among politicians the esteem of religion is profitable the principles of it are troublesome.
Once a wise individual said, You control your future, your destiny. What you think about comes about. By recording your dreams and goals on paper, you set in motion the process of becoming the person you most want to be. Put your future in good hands - your own.
Once a wise individual said, If men knew how women pass the time when they are alone, they'd never marry.
Once a wise individual said, Human nature is not black and white but black and grey.
Once a wise individual said, For me, already being part of a single parent household and knowing it was just me and my mom, you'd would wake up times and hope that the next day you'd be able to be alongside your mother because she was out trying to make sure that I was taken care of. But all I cared about was her being home.
Once a wise individual said, It's fun to have money, but the more money I get, the less interesting it becomes. If you don't have very much, you have to think about it. If you are starving, you become interested in food. If you are struggling to pay the bills, money becomes tragically important.
Once a wise individual said, If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor.
Once a wise individual said, Men have defined the parameters of every subject. All feminist arguments, however radical in intent or consequence, are with or against assertions or premises implicit in the male system, which is made credible or authentic by the power of men to name.
Once a wise individual said, Denmark needs change, Denmark needs to move on and Denmark needs my leadership.
Once a wise individual said, Many attempts have been made by writers on art and poetry to define beauty in the abstract, to express it in the most general terms, to find some universal formula for it.
Once a wise individual said, To many a man, and sometimes to a youth, there comes the opportunity to choose between honorable competence and tainted wealth. The young man who starts out to be poor and honorable, holds in his hand one of the strongest elements of success.
Once a wise individual said, Wisdom ceases to be wisdom when it becomes too proud to weep, too grave to laugh, and too selfish to seek other than itself.
Once a wise individual said, The Gorillaz cartoons seem more real to me than the actual people on TV. Because at least you know that there's some intelligence behind the cartoons, and there's a lot of work that's gone into it, so it can't all be just a lie.
Once a wise individual said, In college I never realized the opportunities available to a pro athlete. I've been given the chance to meet all kinds of people, to travel and expand my financial capabilities, to get ideas and learn about life, to create a world apart from basketball.
Once a wise individual said, You know, sex is actually not so original as the way people love or the stories behind each relationship, which is what you remember. Sex is sex in the end.
Once a wise individual said, IN April 1882 my father died and I was at once whirled out of my land of dreams into a very different sphere.
Once a wise individual said, No one appreciates the very special genius of your conversation as the dog does.
Once a wise individual said, Screaming at children over their grades, especially to the point of the child's tears, is child abuse, pure and simple. It's not funny and it's not good parenting. It is a crushing, scarring, disastrous experience for the child. It isn't the least bit funny.
Once a wise individual said, Skyrocketing insurance premiums are debilitating our Nation's health care delivery system and liability insurers are either leaving the market or raising rates to excessive levels.
Once a wise individual said, A Bill of Rights is what the people are entitled to against every government, and what no just government should refuse, or rest on inference.
Once a wise individual said, The mindset of chasing that next #1 record doesn't exist for me anymore. It's more about being a well-rounded entertainer than being a pop artist. Obviously, it would be wonderful to have a hit record but I don't base my happiness on that anymore. It's about the accomplishment of a project that satisfies me. I just want to enjoy the ride.
Once a wise individual said, Within the U.S., the Obama presidency will be mainly measured by the success or failure of his economic policies. And here, I fear, the monstrous stimulus package with which this administration stumbled out of the gate will prove to be Obama's Waterloo.
Once a wise individual said, The question remains: which brands will commit to creating a private sector pillar of social change, and which will become casualties of their own outdated thinking?
Once a wise individual said, Though we do need more women to graduate with technical degrees, I always like to remind women that you don't need to have science or technology degrees to build a career in tech.
Once a wise individual said, I like to read books and be alone I'm not social butterfly person.
Once a wise individual said, When obedience to the Divine precepts keeps pace with knowledge, in the mind of any man, that man is a Christian and when the fruits of Christianity are produced, that man is a disciple of our blessed Lord, let his profession of religion be what it may.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage is the mother of the world. It preserves kingdoms, and fills cities and churches, and heaven itself.
Once a wise individual said, Art is moral passion married to entertainment. Moral passion without entertainment is propaganda, and entertainment without moral passion is television.
Once a wise individual said, There are two barriers that often prevent communication between the young and their elders. The first is middle-aged forgetfulness of the fact that they themselves are no longer young. The second is youthful ignorance of the fact that the middle aged are still alive.
Once a wise individual said, Humanity should question itself, once more, about the absurd and always unfair phenomenon of war, on whose stage of death and pain only remain standing the negotiating table that could and should have prevented it.
Once a wise individual said, I enjoy all forms of music - pop, classical and opera.
Once a wise individual said, Food decisions - do I eat this or not? - are always going to be there.
Once a wise individual said, I met my grandfather just before he died, and it was the first time that I had seen Dad with a relative of his. It was interesting to see my own father as a son and the body language and alteration in attitude that comes with that, and it sort of changed our relationship for the better.
Once a wise individual said, It was an amazing performer. Very temperamental, it spent a lot of time in its trailer.
Once a wise individual said, Do you know the difference between a beautiful woman and a charming one? A beauty is a woman you notice, a charmer is one who notices you.
Once a wise individual said, It takes more than capital to swing business. You've got to have the A. I. D. degree to get by - Advertising, Initiative, and Dynamics.
Once a wise individual said, Higher education is one of few areas where this country competes with the rest of the world and wins. The best of American higher education outstrips any in the world. Look where the rest of the world goes for higher education, for graduate degrees. They come here.
Once a wise individual said, Forgiveness is about empowering yourself, rather than empowering your past.
Once a wise individual said, On my morning run, I listen to sports talk radio.
Once a wise individual said, Nothing pleases me more than to go into a room and come out with a piece of music.
Once a wise individual said, I don't see myself as famous at all so I'm continuing my life as normal.
Once a wise individual said, I trust myself. You need that to survive.
Once a wise individual said, I was excited by what my painter friends were doing, and they seemed to be interested in our poetry too, and that was a wonderful little, fizzy sort of world.
Once a wise individual said, Part of my growing up was always trying to make my parents proud and always trying to keep them happy. I think part of what held them together was my involvement in sports.
Once a wise individual said, If you make the unconditional commitment to reach your most important goals, if the strength of your decision is sufficient, you will find the way and the power to achieve your goals.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of those little things that I really like doing are just moments of cool articulation, just little moments of phrasing that probably go over everybody's head.
Once a wise individual said, It takes someone with a vision of the possibilities to attain new levels of experience. Someone with the courage to live his dreams.
Once a wise individual said, People say, what is she thinking? I'm thinking: fun cash travel.
Once a wise individual said, Success without honor is an unseasoned dish it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good.
Once a wise individual said, It seems to never occur to fools that merit and good fortune are closely united.
Once a wise individual said, I am a military police officer and I have served on two deployments my first was to Iraq, in a medical unit, and my second deployment was to Kuwait, as a military police platoon leader.
Once a wise individual said, I married beneath me, all women do.
Once a wise individual said, The theoretical understanding of the world, which is the aim of philosophy, is not a matter of great practical importance to animals, or to savages, or even to most civilised men.
Once a wise individual said, It's interesting when people make comments about celebrities' weight gain or lack of weight gain as if they're a medical professional that's treating that celebrity. Like, 'This doctor does not treat Jessica Simpson, but thinks her weight is unhealthy.' If you don't treat her, then how do you know?
Once a wise individual said, Only bad golfers are lucky. They're the ones bouncing balls off trees, curbs, turtles and cars. Good golfers have bad luck. When you hit the ball straight, a funny bounce is bound to be unlucky.
Once a wise individual said, My mom sent me to regular high school because she wanted me to have that experience and not say that I missed out, but I didn't like it at all. I'm more comfortable in the world that I'm in, I grew up in it so when I get around normal kids in regular high school I don't know what to do. I feel more secure in an adult environment.
Once a wise individual said, An art which isn't based on feeling isn't an art at all.
Once a wise individual said, Your joys and sorrows. You can never tell them. You cheapen the inside of yourself if you do tell them.
Once a wise individual said, I'm learning a lot about myself being alone, and doing what I'm doing.
Once a wise individual said, To live is to change, and to be perfect is to have changed often.
Once a wise individual said, I hear the way people talk about the children of famous people. They're not treated very well. The presumptions are usually quite awful. So I tried to establish myself with a couple of movies. After 'Juno' I thought: 'I think I've defined myself enough as my own director that I'd love to work with my father.'
Once a wise individual said, Most women set out to try to change a man, and when they have changed him they do not like him.
Once a wise individual said, I always have issues with trust.
Once a wise individual said, We must all obey the great law of change. It is the most powerful law of nature.
Once a wise individual said, You define a good flight by negatives: you didn't get hijacked, you didn't crash, you didn't throw up, you weren't late, you weren't nauseated by the food. So you are grateful.
Once a wise individual said, How can smart women be so stupid about men sometimes? Lack of knowledge. It's what men have kept secret for so long.
Once a wise individual said, After you have exhausted what there is in business, politics, conviviality, and so on - have found that none of these finally satisfy, or permanently wear - what remains? Nature remains.
Once a wise individual said, Memories are doing funny things to us.
Once a wise individual said, A person, who no matter how desperate the situation, gives others hope, is a true leader.
Once a wise individual said, As a society, I think we express our cultural mores through our politics. We're trying constantly to figure out what's OK and what's not OK. And it's hard, because our society is constantly buffeted by gale force winds of technology. Things are always changing.
Once a wise individual said, Civil war? What does that mean? Is there any foreign war? Isn't every war fought between men, between brothers?
Once a wise individual said, Cinema is entertainment, and people go to the movies because they want to feel good and forget about everything.
Once a wise individual said, What is art? Nature concentrated.
Once a wise individual said, You get to a certain age where you prepare yourself for happiness. Sometimes you never remember to actually get happy.
Once a wise individual said, Gay people are the sweetest, kindest, most artistic, warmest and most thoughtful people in the world. And since the beginning of time all they've ever been is kicked.
Once a wise individual said, Being a part of SKECHERS is exciting. It is such a hip company with a great attitude and image.
Once a wise individual said, But I don't want to be out there anymore I don't want people asking me about my health issues, about my kids. I choose not to be a public paparazzi girl on purpose.
Once a wise individual said, The work is challenging, interesting and an important part of our legal system.
Once a wise individual said, There is no such thing as society: there are individual men and women, and there are families.
Once a wise individual said, Conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth.
Once a wise individual said, I've always shied away from conventional wisdom, though I know the power of it.
Once a wise individual said, These are important reforms. Infrastructure, education, health, hospitals, closing the gap with indigenous Australians. Also the Apology to the first Australians. As Prime Minister of the country I am proud of each and every one of these achievements.
Once a wise individual said, The most important thing we can do is inspire young minds and to advance the kind of science, math and technology education that will help youngsters take us to the next phase of space travel.
Once a wise individual said, Every man over forty is a scoundrel.
Once a wise individual said, To find joy in work is to discover the fountain of youth.
Once a wise individual said, That someone like Obama could be elected president of the United States - with its unrivaled power and prestige - has begun to restore the country's and the world's faith in America as the land of opportunity.
Once a wise individual said, History is littered with wars which everybody knew would never happen.
Once a wise individual said, There is not enough religion in the world even to destroy religion.
Once a wise individual said, I think sometimes in life we want to ignore the problems of society and just think about the good. I believe in positive thinking and affirmative living, I also think it's really important to remember all of our disenfranchised members of society.
Once a wise individual said, The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays.
Once a wise individual said, Let us with caution indulge the supposition that morality can be maintained without religion. Reason and experience both forbid us to expect that national morality can prevail in exclusion of religious principle.
Once a wise individual said, I never thought of myself as like, a funny person.
Once a wise individual said, The most characteristic mark of a great mind is to choose some one important object, and pursue it for life.
Once a wise individual said, The power to define the situation is the ultimate power.
Once a wise individual said, Guilt is anger directed at ourselves - at what we did or did not do. Resentment is anger directed at others - at what they did or did not do.
Once a wise individual said, In the last fifty years science has advanced more than in the 2,000 previous years and given mankind greater powers over the forces of nature than the ancients ascribed to their gods.
Once a wise individual said, I hope in my lifetime we can all continue to laugh at ourselves and not put down anyone for what they weigh.
Once a wise individual said, And on the other hand, we see that the Israeli government is attacking that part of the Palestinian leader.
Once a wise individual said, Obviously the first sentiment is disappointment that we didn't get the car home and more disappointment that at the time that it stopped the car was in the lead.
Once a wise individual said, Some mornings, it's just not worth chewing through the leather straps.
Once a wise individual said, When I came home for the summer after my first year of college, I told my mother that my best friend and I were driving to California. She laughed out loud - 2,000 miles in a what? Well, my best friend had an old Chevy. What could go wrong?
Once a wise individual said, I never said I wanted to be around for a long time. I always said I wanted to be here for a good time.
Once a wise individual said, I'm in an on-off relationship at the moment.
Once a wise individual said, So I know how I watch movies which is on my laptop, man. And that's how I suspect a lot of people do it.
Once a wise individual said, Institutions develop because people put a lot of trust in them, they meet real needs, they represent important aspirations, whether it's monasteries, media, or banks, people begin by trusting these institutions, and gradually the suspicion develops that actually they're working for themselves, not for the community.
Once a wise individual said, But I have found that in the simple act of living with hope, and in the daily effort to have a positive impact in the world, the days I do have are made all the more meaningful and precious. And for that I am grateful.
Once a wise individual said, Our challenge for the future is that we realize we are very much a part of the earth's ecosystem, and we must learn to respect and live according to the basic biological laws of nature.
Once a wise individual said, I like to combine the dramatic emotional warmth of strings with the grooves and body business of drums and bass.
Once a wise individual said, A farce, or slapstick humor, does well universally.
Once a wise individual said, Because society places a value on masculinity, gay men aspire to it. If you go to a gay club and the doorman says, 'You do realise this is a gay club, don't you lads?' you get all excited because you think, 'Wow, he thought I was straight!'
Once a wise individual said, Art hurts. Art urges voyages - and it is easier to stay at home.
Once a wise individual said, I think education is both using and improving knowledge and that changes the whole picture.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think any other city in the world... the sun doesn't shine the same way anywhere as it does in New York. And then I guess everyone's very good at hanging out. Not in a crazy way, but you're just constantly interacting and learning.
Once a wise individual said, The love of economy is the root of all virtue.
Once a wise individual said, I don't call myself a Buddhist. I'm a free spirit. I believe I'm here on earth to admire and enjoy it that's my religion.
Once a wise individual said, I stayed in show business to pay for my animal business.
Once a wise individual said, Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.
Once a wise individual said, Don't let people disrespect you. My mom says don't open the door to the devil. Surround yourself with positive people.
Once a wise individual said, The man who has sufficient power over himself to wait until his nature has recovered its even balance is the truly wise man, but such beings are seldom met with.
Once a wise individual said, The state of New Jersey is really two places - terrible cities and wonderful suburbs. I live in the suburbs, the final battleground of the American dream, where people get married and have kids and try to scratch out a happy life for themselves. It's very romantic in that way, but a bit naive. I like to play with that in my work.
Once a wise individual said, Success is a journey, not a destination. The doing is often more important than the outcome.
Once a wise individual said, Whoso neglects learning in his youth, loses the past and is dead for the future.
Once a wise individual said, It were a real increase of human happiness, could all young men from the age of nineteen be covered under barrels, or rendered otherwise invisible and there left to follow their lawful studies and callings, till they emerged, sadder and wiser, at the age of twenty-five.
Once a wise individual said, A tough lesson in life that one has to learn is that not everybody wishes you well.
Once a wise individual said, It is said that man doesn't live by bread alone. Sometimes this is unfortunate, because people who cannot live by bread alone too often kill other people in consequence of the fights they get into.
Once a wise individual said, What makes a woman beautiful is her loyalty to and her friendships with other women, and her honesty with men.
Once a wise individual said, Everything that is necessary is also easy. You just have to accept it. And the most necessary, the most natural matter on this planet is death.
Once a wise individual said, The actual truth about Gad is it's one of the original 13 tribes of Israel, so you can actually trace my lineage back to, like, those guys who had, like, a hand in the Bible and have since become very famous from that. So I come from very famous lineage. Granted, they didn't have cameras back then, so none of them had TV shows.
Once a wise individual said, The other two things are... well, I had a huge appetite for old black and white movies on BBC 2. At the weekends they used to run matinees, and the more romantic the better.
Once a wise individual said, What I've really learned over time is that optimism is a very, very important part of leadership.
Once a wise individual said, Love sought is good, but given unsought, is better.
Once a wise individual said, The U.S. army confirmed that it gave a lucrative fire fighting contract in Iraq to the firm once run by the Vice President Dick Cheney without any competitive bidding. When asked if this could be conceived as Cheney's friends profiting from the war, the spokesman said 'Yes.'
Once a wise individual said, Poetry proceeds from the totality of man, sense, imagination, intellect, love, desire, instinct, blood and spirit together.
Once a wise individual said, My relationship with Dean was great, but ultimately it wasn't a fulfilling marriage for either of us.
Once a wise individual said, God has cared for these trees, saved them from drought, disease, avalanches, and a thousand tempests and floods. But he cannot save them from fools.
Once a wise individual said, I try not to diet because it never really works for me, if I tell myself I can't eat something then I tend to want to eat everything in sight.
Once a wise individual said, For truth has such a face and such a mien, as to be loved needs only to be seen.
Once a wise individual said, I got into acting because my teachers kept nudging me into it. The power a teacher has to influence someone is so great. I can't think of a profession I have more respect for.
Once a wise individual said, I have come to the conclusion that politics are too serious a matter to be left to the politicians.
Once a wise individual said, Who never doubted, never half believed. Where doubt is, there truth is - it is her shadow.
Once a wise individual said, Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Once a wise individual said, It's funny, when bands or younger musicians ask me: 'So, what does it take to make it?' Well, first explain to me what you mean by 'making it': Do you want to be a rock star or do you want music to be your livelihood?
Once a wise individual said, Only on paper has humanity yet achieved glory, beauty, truth, knowledge, virtue, and abiding love.
Once a wise individual said, We will have to continue to improve our human intelligence system-something that was, unfortunately, lacking in the years which led up to September 11. This is going to be a continuing process of change.
Once a wise individual said, I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success.
Once a wise individual said, I think movies are good for getting into dream states or exploring weird alternate states of thinking.
Once a wise individual said, Everything's complicated, even those things that seem flat in their bleakness or sadness.
Once a wise individual said, I've convinced myself - I hope I'm right - that children despair of you if you don't tell them the truth.
Once a wise individual said, When you get to your mid-20s, you start to feel responsibilities for the things that you do and the people around you. It's a cool age.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
Once a wise individual said, The sea heaves up, hangs loaded o'er the land, Breaks there, and buries its tumultuous strength.
Once a wise individual said, I don't even own a car.
Once a wise individual said, The Myth of Male Power dealt much more with the political issues, the legal issues, sexual harassment, date rape, women who kill, and those issues were very much more interfaced with the agendas of feminism.
Once a wise individual said, More marriages might survive if the partners realized that sometimes the better comes after the worse.
Once a wise individual said, Unwillingness to risk failure is always there, but it gets harder when you feel you have more to lose.
Once a wise individual said, Money is neither my god nor my devil. It is a form of energy that tends to make us more of who we already are, whether it's greedy or loving.
Once a wise individual said, I went to my dad when I was 17 and said, 'I want to be a country music star.' Which every dad loves to hear. And he said, 'I want you to go to college.' So we had a discussion. And I'm pretty stubborn. I'm a lot like him. And he said, 'If you go to college and graduate, I'll pay your first six months of rent in Nashville.' So he bribed me.
Once a wise individual said, I think the sport of wrestling, which I became involved with at the age of 14... I competed until I was 34, kind of old for a contact sport. I coached the sport until I was 47. I think the discipline of wrestling has given me the discipline I have to write.
Once a wise individual said, Live as brave men and if fortune is adverse, front its blows with brave hearts.
Once a wise individual said, You respect all of these people that you know in the business as actors. And they sort of turn around and say, we really like your work. It's a nice acknowledgment.
Once a wise individual said, Talent hits a target no one else can hit Genius hits a target no one else can see.
Once a wise individual said, The past 6 and a half years have been the most amazing years of my life. It's sad it has come to an end but Avril and I are still family and moving forward in the most positive way possible.
Once a wise individual said, Do your damnedest in an ostentatious manner all the time.
Once a wise individual said, The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides.
Once a wise individual said, To me, we're marketing hope.
Once a wise individual said, I think it would be cool if you were writing a ransom note on your computer, if the paper clip popped up and said, 'Looks like you're writing a ransom note. Need help? You should use more forceful language, you'll get more money.'
Once a wise individual said, Instead of the international police action we had hoped for during the war in Kosovo, there are wars again - conducted with state-of-the-art technology, but still in the old style.
Once a wise individual said, When I was on a major label I felt obliged to say yes to every interview, tour and whatever else. The label is always telling you, 'This ain't going to last,' so I worked myself half to death. I learnt from that and I like to pace myself now.
Once a wise individual said, The more you are in this business, the more humbled by it you become.
Once a wise individual said, The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life.
Once a wise individual said, A home is crucial, the foundation of a stable family.
Once a wise individual said, Those who gave away their wings are sad not to see them fly.
Once a wise individual said, Joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls.
Once a wise individual said, So here's the question: Without a change in leadership, why would the next four years be any different from the last four years?
Once a wise individual said, For those who have come here illegally, they might have a transition time to allow them to set their affairs in order. And then go back home and get in line with everybody else. And if they get in line and they apply to become a citizen and get a green card, they will be treated like everybody else.
Once a wise individual said, Order is the shape upon which beauty depends.
Once a wise individual said, I am indeed amazed when I consider how weak my mind is and how prone to error.
Once a wise individual said, As an instrument for practical action, law is responsive to the wisdom of its time, which may be wrong, but it carries forward, sometimes in opposition to this wisdom or passion, a memory of received values.
Once a wise individual said, It's sad, actually, because my anxiety keeps me from enjoying things as much as I should at this age.
Once a wise individual said, I'm very much into the costuming of any character that I portray and it's one of the great things about making movies is it's a collaborative art form so you get all these artists who are looking specifically about for this instance your character's costume and what that might tell about your character.
Once a wise individual said, Brits and Americans have hundreds of different phrases for the same thing. Luckily, it's usually a source of amusement rather than frustration. A flashlight by any other name is still a torch. My personal favourite is 'fairy lights,' which we boringly refer to as 'Christmas lights.'
Once a wise individual said, Marriage is good for those who are afraid to sleep alone at night.
Once a wise individual said, As a result of Title IX, and a new generation of parents who want their daughters to have the opportunities they never had, women's sports have arrived.
Once a wise individual said, You often feel that your prayers scarcely reach the ceiling but, oh, get into this humble spirit by considering how good the Lord is, and how evil you all are, and then prayer will mount on wings of faith to heaven.
Once a wise individual said, There's only two people in your life you should lie to... the police and your girlfriend.
Once a wise individual said, The course of this conflict is not known, yet its outcome is certain. Freedom and fear, justice and cruelty, have always been at war, and we know that God is not neutral between them.
Once a wise individual said, Walt had a marvelous intuition. And because he understood people very well, liked them and had great respect for people, there was nothing cynical about Walt.
Once a wise individual said, You go to college not only for the latest knowledge but also to meet people from different backgrounds. That's the genius of the American higher-education system compared with the Europeans'. We don't simply skim the elite.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of the greatest compositions were made famous by Sinatra.
Once a wise individual said, African art is functional, it serves a purpose. It's not a dormant. It's not a means to collect the largest cheering section. It should be healing, a source a joy. Spreading positive vibrations.
Once a wise individual said, Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it.
Once a wise individual said, There is a great difference between Christianity and religion at the south. If a man goes to the communion table, and pays money into the treasury of the church, no matter if it be the price of blood, he is called religious.
Once a wise individual said, I needed freedom to really express myself. That's really what Justified is about.
Once a wise individual said, Perfect courage is to do without witnesses what one would be capable of doing with the world looking on.
Once a wise individual said, Part of the reason I sort of shot out like a cannon out of Michigan and left home at such an early age is because I had to feel independent.
Once a wise individual said, Peace is not an absence of war, it is a virtue, a state of mind, a disposition for benevolence, confidence, justice.
Once a wise individual said, Facebook is at the forefront. It's the company that can fundamentally change the way information is being exchanged and processed. It can be the basis for artificial intelligence to develop over time.
Once a wise individual said, Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.
Once a wise individual said, Hope is a flatterer, but the most upright of all parasites for she frequents the poor man's hut, as well as the palace of his superior.
Once a wise individual said, The only way you can get good, unless you're a genius, is to copy. That's the best thing. Just steal.
Once a wise individual said, Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future.
Once a wise individual said, I was interested in transcendence from a very early age. I was interested in what was over there, what was behind life. So when I had my first communion I was very disappointed. I had expected something amazing and surprising and spiritual. Instead all I got was a bicycle. That wasn't what I was after at all.
Once a wise individual said, We have to be able to grow up. Our wrinkles are our medals of the passage of life. They are what we have been through and who we want to be.
Once a wise individual said, Every Teen Challenge ministry is responsible for raising its own finances, but we assist these works with finances, prayer and counseling, especially overseas in areas such as Siberia, Africa, South America.
Once a wise individual said, My aim in painting has always been the most exact transcription possible of my most intimate impression of nature.
Once a wise individual said, There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first when you learn to live for others, they will live for you.
Once a wise individual said, I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than You, and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.
Once a wise individual said, With the world's human population now at seven billion and growing, and the demand for technology and modern conveniences increasing, we can't control all our negative impacts. But we have to find better ways to live within the limits nature and its cycles impose.
Once a wise individual said, The federal government... knows how to put a missile in someone's room half way around the world with technology. Why don't we use some of that technology to save some lives here in America?
Once a wise individual said, Nobody's a natural. You work hard to get good and then work to get better. It's hard to stay on top.
Once a wise individual said, I made that decision back in 1985. I was out here getting certified in SCUBA with Garcia in Kona and I thought to myself, this is a place to wake up in in the morning.
Once a wise individual said, Whoso neglects learning in his youth, loses the past and is dead for the future.
Once a wise individual said, So near is falsehood to truth that a wise man would do well not to trust himself on the narrow edge.
Once a wise individual said, Doing nothing is happiness for children and misery for old men.
Once a wise individual said, I'm mostly a novelist these days, but I have written short stories in Fantasy, Science Fiction and horror.
Once a wise individual said, My brother and I had a really privileged relationship with my parents... They treated us like adults.
Once a wise individual said, Our character is not so much the product of race and heredity as of those circumstances by which nature forms our habits, by which we are nurtured and live.
Once a wise individual said, My mom has always said that the one thing she wishes she had done differently is have a job. She felt like the single-mindedness made her a little nuts sometimes, and she could have used an outlet for herself when we were little.
Once a wise individual said, For our immediate family and relatives, Canada was a land of opportunity.
Once a wise individual said, I remember watching the Grammys and looking at the performances and crying to my mom, saying how much I wanted to be there.
Once a wise individual said, Besides, I'm a gypsy at heart and I like to travel around.
Once a wise individual said, Two persons love in one another the future good which they aid one another to unfold.
Once a wise individual said, We are living in the machine age. For the first time in history the comedian has been compelled to supply himself with jokes and comedy material to compete with the machine. Whether he knows it or not, the comedian is on a treadmill to oblivion.
Once a wise individual said, To have a great idea, have a lot of them.
Once a wise individual said, All tools have intrinsic politics and technology is the tool of now.
Once a wise individual said, Justice and truth are too such subtle points that our tools are too blunt to touch them accurately.
Once a wise individual said, The Athanasian Creed is to me light and intelligible reading in comparison with much that now passes for science.
Once a wise individual said, Nine-tenths of wisdom is being wise in time.
Once a wise individual said, I don't play pyrotechnic scales. I play about frustration, patience, anger. Music is an extension of my soul.
Once a wise individual said, Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Once a wise individual said, My father was a writer and an acting teacher.
Once a wise individual said, Being a sex symbol has to do with an attitude, not looks. Most men think it's looks, most women know otherwise.
Once a wise individual said, It's cool to meet your idols. It's a good opportunity to travel. Those kinds of things are good.
Once a wise individual said, Too much good fortune can make you smug and unaware. Happiness should be like an oasis, the greener for the desert that surrounds it.
Once a wise individual said, All too often miners, and indeed other trade unionists, underestimate the economic strength they have.
Once a wise individual said, I keep saying I'm not at all famous in my own country, because people do not think I have done anything for India.
Once a wise individual said, I don't need you to remind me of my age. I have a bladder to do that for me.
Once a wise individual said, Girls are taught to sing high and pretty, like Antony, not low and from the guts like Nina Simone. But we're slowly trying to change that. There are so many things we're not told growing up, and it's our true feminist responsibility to take the truth to the people who need to hear it.
Once a wise individual said, I don't care how famous a guitarist is, he ain't learned everything. There's always somewhere to go, something to mash up, but he ain't found it yet. You never learn everything on that guitar neck.
Once a wise individual said, The audience is the best judge of anything. They cannot be lied to. Truth brings them closer. A moment that lags - they're gonna cough.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think anybody anywhere can talk about the future of their people or of an organization without talking about education. Whoever controls the education of our children controls our future.
Once a wise individual said, Coming to understand a painting or a symphony in an unfamiliar style, to recognize the work of an artist or school, to see or hear in new ways, is as cognitive an achievement as learning to read or write or add.
Once a wise individual said, We had no electricity, no gas. Food was probably our greatest entertainment - the most fun thing that we could do was food.
Once a wise individual said, I don't really care what people tell children - when you believe in Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy, one more fib won't hurt. But I am infuriated by the growing notion, posited in some touchy-feely quarters, that all women are, or can be, beautiful.
Once a wise individual said, Follow your passion. Nothing - not wealth, success, accolades or fame - is worth spending a lifetime doing things you don't enjoy.
Once a wise individual said, Working with David Gordon Green, and Jonah Hill, and Michael Cera, and Drew Barrymore, and all of those people - those are the best people in comedy to work with. Anna Faris. You know, that's my goal, to keep learning and to just keep working with the best people I can. And yeah, we do all hang out, and we all kind of know each other.
Once a wise individual said, Power is no blessing in itself, except when it is used to protect the innocent.
Once a wise individual said, I hope people like me and appreciate me the way I am.
Once a wise individual said, It is sad that the Republican leadership is not as interested as they say they are in protecting the institution of marriage as they are in waging a campaign to divide and distract the American people from the real issues that need to be addressed.
Once a wise individual said, The great book for you is the book that has the most to say to you at the moment when you are reading. I do not mean the book that is most instructive, but the book that feeds your spirit. And that depends on your age, your experience, your psychological and spiritual need.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of my humor does come from anger. It's like, you're not gonna pull one over on me - which is pretty much my motto anyways.
Once a wise individual said, Would it be possible that I should not in any degree succeed? I can scarcely think so. Ah delusive hope, how much further wilt thou lead me?
Once a wise individual said, That said, ID does not qualify as science because it gives us nothing to test or measure. Science requires replicable tests involving measurable variables.
Once a wise individual said, We know that al Qaeda is seeking radioactive materials and technology to launch a devastating attack, and that hundreds of radioactive sources have been lost or stolen in the U.S. and around the world.
Once a wise individual said, Certainly, protecting oppressed people, stopping ethnic conflict and promoting responsible governance are worthy goals. But none is as important for American security and prosperity as keeping the peace in the Middle East, Europe and East Asia.
Once a wise individual said, Best to live lightly, unthinkingly.
Once a wise individual said, Like when I host a party. I hope my guests get along. But if not, how interesting!
Once a wise individual said, Our spiritual attitude is determined by our conception of our relation to infinite spirit.
Once a wise individual said, Peace as a goal is an ideal which will not be contested by any government or nation, not even the most belligerent.
Once a wise individual said, I want to change things for the better, just like everybody else.
Once a wise individual said, The defendant wants to hide the truth because he's generally guilty. The defense attorney's job is to make sure the jury does not arrive at that truth.
Once a wise individual said, If you never change your mind, why have one?
Once a wise individual said, The only failure is not to try.
Once a wise individual said, What some call health, if purchased by perpetual anxiety about diet, isn't much better than tedious disease.
Once a wise individual said, The anger of lovers renews their love.
Once a wise individual said, If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.
Once a wise individual said, I try to be the best husband I can be, and if people respect that, that's cool. But there's no 'perfect husband.' We just all try to do the best we can, you know what I mean?
Once a wise individual said, Mark Conseulos is so amazing.
Once a wise individual said, I've done reasonably well over the last 10 years because I took the strategy of language and politics and applied it to the corporate world, which has never been done before.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is what gets lost in translation.
Once a wise individual said, Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them.
Once a wise individual said, I'm done with men... I'm going to be alone. I have no luck with relationships. I don't think I'm made for marriage.
Once a wise individual said, Whether you call it Buddhism or another religion, self-discipline, that's important. Self-discipline with awareness of consequences.
Once a wise individual said, Education is a kind of continuing dialogue, and a dialogue assumes different points of view.
Once a wise individual said, Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.
Once a wise individual said, People are doing amazing things right now on the Web.
Once a wise individual said, This cream will help one's nature strengthen and grow, The diet gives support in my decline.
Once a wise individual said, Next in importance to freedom and justice is popular education, without which neither freedom nor justice can be permanently maintained.
Once a wise individual said, Death is really a great blessing for humanity, without it there could be no real progress. People who lived for ever would not only hamper and discourage the young, but they would themselves lack sufficient stimulus to be creative.
Once a wise individual said, Our philosophy precedes from the belief that sport is an inalienable part of the educational process and a factor for promoting peace, friendship, cooperation and understanding among peoples.
Once a wise individual said, For somehow this disease inheres in tyranny, never to trust one's friends.
Once a wise individual said, Computers may save time but they sure waste a lot of paper. About 98 percent of everything printed out by a computer is garbage that no one ever reads.
Once a wise individual said, From heresy, frenzy and jealousy, good Lord deliver me.
Once a wise individual said, The essential elements of giving are power and love - activity and affection - and the consciousness of the race testifies that in the high and appropriate exercise of these is a blessedness greater than any other.
Once a wise individual said, Here is a pretty good rule of thumb for Democratic Presidents: if it didn't work for Franklin D. Roosevelt, who won four terms and a World War, it probably won't work for you either.
Once a wise individual said, Children say that people are hung sometimes for speaking the truth.
Once a wise individual said, It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for.
Once a wise individual said, Death is delightful. Death is dawn, The waking from a weary night Of fevers unto truth and light.
Once a wise individual said, There are six components of wellness: proper weight and diet, proper exercise, breaking the smoking habit, control of alcohol, stress management and periodic exams.
Once a wise individual said, It's a reality that in this business there's an expectation of being thin. But having a baby is a reality too, and it's more important for me to make milk than to fit into those tiny pants. So that's just going to have to wait.
Once a wise individual said, Man is jealous because of his amour propre woman is jealous because of her lack of it.
Once a wise individual said, People need dreams, there's as much nourishment in 'em as food.
Once a wise individual said, People always fear change. People feared electricity when it was invented, didn't they? People feared coal, they feared gas-powered engines... There will always be ignorance, and ignorance leads to fear. But with time, people will come to accept their silicon masters.
Once a wise individual said, When I get recognized for 'Twilight,' it's usually a teenage girl, and they're usually really loud. So it certainly feels like I get recognized the most from that, but it could just be because of the nature of how vocal those fans are.
Once a wise individual said, Everyone who achieves success in a great venture, solves each problem as they came to it. They helped themselves. And they were helped through powers known and unknown to them at the time they set out on their voyage. They keep going regardless of the obstacles they met.
Once a wise individual said, Well, I think indigenous peoples have ways of living on the Earth that they've had forever. And they've been overrun by organized religion, which has had a lot of money and power.
Once a wise individual said, If someone thinks that love and peace is a cliche that must have been left behind in the Sixties, that's his problem. Love and peace are eternal.
Once a wise individual said, Everyone knows that by far the happiest and universally enjoyable age of man is the first. What is there about babies which makes us hug and kiss and fondle them, so that even an enemy would give them help at that age?
Once a wise individual said, Funny enough, if you are looking at people these days who are putting Botox in their face and getting all sorts of plastic surgery, we look at them and go, I can tell you've had Botox. I can tell you've had plastic surgery. You look really strange to me. But no one's saying anything. We're just accepting the fact that they're strange-looking.
Once a wise individual said, Over the last few years, the world has become a smaller and more integrated place with technology that is leveling the playing field like never before.
Once a wise individual said, It's a tremendous responsibility to be direct descendants of the prophet Muhammad. This family has had the burden of leadership on its shoulders for 1,400 years. I'm not going to drop the ball on my shift.
Once a wise individual said, I've noticed that my resolutions involve me not doing stuff that I wasn't going to do anyway so here's something more positive. I'm going to retrain as a Latin teacher in a provincial public school.
Once a wise individual said, Evil gains work their punishment.
Once a wise individual said, Economy is the basis of society. When the economy is stable, society develops. The ideal economy combines the spiritual and the material, and the best commodities to trade in are sincerity and love.
Once a wise individual said, Your words are my food, your breath my wine. You are everything to me.
Once a wise individual said, Never complain and never explain.
Once a wise individual said, The vision that the founding fathers had of rule of law and equality before the law and no one above the law, that is a very viable vision, but instead of that, we have quasi mob rule.
Once a wise individual said, Isaac and I are going to Israel to ride for peace enviromental justice and a safer world for us all.
Once a wise individual said, I know that throughout their history, the people of the United States defended their freedom, their liberty, their justice, and their rights - if need be - with their lives. I think their courage is so admirable.
Once a wise individual said, I'm still driving along on the pop freeway of life. Thinking even further into the future, I definitely want to make an acoustic record. I want to try lots of different things.
Once a wise individual said, I did frequently refer to my war record in World War II, but not in any flamboyant way.
Once a wise individual said, The lonely become either thoughtful or empty.
Once a wise individual said, My faith is very private to me. It plays an important part in my life, but I do not try and throw my beliefs at others. I have tremendous respect for all faiths and beliefs, but have a deep concern that religion and faith are currently a long way apart from each other.
Once a wise individual said, Movies are a fad. Audiences really want to see live actors on a stage.
Once a wise individual said, Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why.
Once a wise individual said, My mother gets all mad at me if I stay in a hotel. I'm 31-years-old, and I don't want to sleep on a sleeping bag down in the basement. It's humiliating.
Once a wise individual said, I don't like food that's too carefully arranged it makes me think that the chef is spending too much time arranging and not enough time cooking. If I wanted a picture I'd buy a painting.
Once a wise individual said, The best thing I've learned is, if you're going out, never go out alone - you leave yourself vulnerable. If you've got someone else there you trust, they can say, be wary of that person. I probably used to be too trusting of people.
Once a wise individual said, The great aim of education is not knowledge but action.
Once a wise individual said, Anger may repast with thee for an hour, but not repose for a night the continuance of anger is hatred, the continuance of hatred turns malice.
Once a wise individual said, Don't worry about writing a book or getting famous or making money. Just lead an interesting life.
Once a wise individual said, We emphasize that we believe in change because we were born of it, we have lived by it, we prospered and grew great by it. So the status quo has never been our god, and we ask no one else to bow down before it.
Once a wise individual said, The future author is one who discovers that language, the exploration and manipulation of the resources of language, will serve him in winning through to his way.
Once a wise individual said, Men's indignation, it seems, is more excited by legal wrong than by violent wrong the first looks like being cheated by an equal, the second like being compelled by a superior.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is the work of poets, not of peoples or communities artistic creation can never be anything but the production of an individual mind.
Once a wise individual said, When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.
Once a wise individual said, I wish I'd gotten sober at a younger age.
Once a wise individual said, So my own suspicion is that the attorney has stopped this prosecution because part of her defence was to question legality and that would have brought his advice into the public domain again and there was something fishy about the way in which he said war was legal.
Once a wise individual said, What is art? Nature concentrated.
Once a wise individual said, There's an absolute prejudice that good movies are dramas and comedies are more dismissable. But I couldn't disagree more.
Once a wise individual said, It seems to me we can never give up longing and wishing while we are thoroughly alive. There are certain things we feel to be beautiful and good, and we must hunger after them.
Once a wise individual said, The longer one is alone, the easier it is to hear the song of the earth.
Once a wise individual said, Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time.
Once a wise individual said, I always made my food congenial to my constitution, and my health was always excellent.
Once a wise individual said, I went onto reality TV as a business decision.
Once a wise individual said, There is no harm in patience, and no profit in lamentation. Death is easier to bear (than) that which precedes it, and more severe than that which comes after it. Remember the death of the Apostle of God, and your sorrow will be lessened.
Once a wise individual said, Love is friendship set on fire.
Once a wise individual said, What a wee little part of a person's life are his acts and his words! His real life is led in his head, and is known to none but himself.
Once a wise individual said, Certain it is that a great responsibility rests upon the statesmen of all nations, not only to fulfill the promises for reduction in armaments, but to maintain the confidence of the people of the world in the hope of an enduring peace.
Once a wise individual said, Millions of men have lived to fight, build palaces and boundaries, shape destinies and societies but the compelling force of all times has been the force of originality and creation profoundly affecting the roots of human spirit.
Once a wise individual said, I think it's important to get your surroundings as well as yourself into a positive state - meaning surround yourself with positive people, not the kind who are negative and jealous of everything you do.
Once a wise individual said, The only peace is being out of earshot.
Once a wise individual said, I think I would cope like anyone copes with any tragedy. I'm sure I would be very upset for a while and then there would come a point where I would either have to stay in this place of darkness and anger, or I'd have to accept that it happened.
Once a wise individual said, I don't design clothes, I design dreams.
Once a wise individual said, At every step the child should be allowed to meet the real experience of life the thorns should never be plucked from his roses.
Once a wise individual said, We are volcanoes. When we women offer our experience as our truth, as human truth, all the maps change. There are new mountains.
Once a wise individual said, For me the visual is just as important as the music.
Once a wise individual said, The principles we live by, in business and in social life, are the most important part of happiness.
Once a wise individual said, Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work.
Once a wise individual said, People feel politics isn't about their lives.
Once a wise individual said, Jews were asked when life begins. For them it's when they finally graduate medical school.
Once a wise individual said, I've always had an interest in sports across the board.
Once a wise individual said, According to the Privacy Rights Center, up to 10 million Americans are victims of ID theft each year. They have a right to be notified when their most sensitive health data is stolen.
Once a wise individual said, You have not found your place until all your faculties are roused, and your whole nature consents and approves of the work you are doing.
Once a wise individual said, These days there's so much technology and ways you can learn. There are videos and CD roms.
Once a wise individual said, I know why most people never get rich. They put the money ahead of the job. If you just think of the job, the money will automatically follow. This never fails.
Once a wise individual said, Short cycle business are being impacted by credit, and are being impacted by gasoline prices, food, distribution businesses, chemical business.
Once a wise individual said, A novel that does not uncover a hitherto unknown segment of existence is immoral. Knowledge is the novel's only morality.
Once a wise individual said, A healthful hunger for a great idea is the beauty and blessedness of life.
Once a wise individual said, Brave men rejoice in adversity, just as brave soldiers triumph in war.
Once a wise individual said, The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear.
Once a wise individual said, There are things that I invented - the creaky geriatric robot that is always grumpy, for example, or the little wheelie guy, he's not in the Hasbro lore. But kids love that stuff - this little guy as a pet on a chain. They gravitate towards it.
Once a wise individual said, Music can change the world because it can change people.
Once a wise individual said, We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies.
Once a wise individual said, Once a woman has forgiven her man, she must not reheat his sins for breakfast.
Once a wise individual said, Our science has become terrible, our research dangerous, our findings deadly. We physicists have to make peace with reality. Reality is not as strong as we are. We will ruin reality.
Once a wise individual said, Wherever there is a design that is highly successful in a broad range of similar environments, it is apt to emerge again and again, independently - the phenomenon known in biology as convergent evolution. I call these designs 'good tricks.'
Once a wise individual said, The Jewish festival of freedom is the oldest continuously observed religious ritual in the world. Across the centuries, Passover has never lost its power to inspire the imagination of successive generations of Jews with its annually re-enacted drama of slavery and liberation.
Once a wise individual said, Motherhood is... difficult and... rewarding.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage is not a noun it's a verb. It isn't something you get. It's something you do. It's the way you love your partner every day.
Once a wise individual said, There is a universal, intelligent, life force that exists within everyone and everything. It resides within each one of use as a deep wisdom, an inner knowing. We can access this wonderful source of knowledge and wisdom through our intuition, an inner sense that tells us what feels right and true for us at any given moment.
Once a wise individual said, I've studied all my musical life, but learning is only good if you do something constructive with it.
Once a wise individual said, As someone with a deep faith in competition and the market, I also know that markets only work with tough enforcement of the rules that guarantee competition and fair play - and that the pressure to break those rules only gets stronger as the amount of money involved gets larger.
Once a wise individual said, It takes a lot of imagination to be a good photographer. You need less imagination to be a painter because you can invent things. But in photography everything is so ordinary it takes a lot of looking before you learn to see the extraordinary.
Once a wise individual said, I have a lot of responsibilities outside myself. I have a large family. I want to know I can always be helpful.
Once a wise individual said, I think it's sad to me that I had to make a decision to not play the game that I feel like I'm best at and that I love. But if it was just about the game itself, I'd be there in a heartbeat. But that's not how the real world works.
Once a wise individual said, Actually, I feel music becoming more and more important. It's a big source of inspiration. With what's going on in the world, we feel almost desperate. Music also brings you peace.
Once a wise individual said, Class is not a fixed designation in this country. We are an upwardly mobile society with a lot of movement between income groups.
Once a wise individual said, I hope girls read what I say in interviews - they should just be themselves.
Once a wise individual said, In politics people give you what they think you deserve and deny you what they think you want.
Once a wise individual said, The bonds of matrimony are like any other bonds - they mature slowly.
Once a wise individual said, Between the fear that something would happen and the hope that still it wouldn't, there is much more space than one thinks. On that narrow, hard, bare and dark space a lot of us spend their lives.
Once a wise individual said, Don't wait for extraordinary opportunities. Seize common occasions and make them great. Weak men wait for opportunities strong men make them.
Once a wise individual said, English people don't have very good diction. In France you have to pronounce very particularly and clearly, and learning French at an early age helped me enormously.
Once a wise individual said, God lets everything happen for a reason. It's all a learning process, and you have to go from one level to another.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a big fan of vampire movies generally and that sort of tradition of characters.
Once a wise individual said, 'American Horror' is the debasement of the suburban family, the way a lonely kid would have imagined it in the Seventies.
Once a wise individual said, My dad has always been very proud of me but I think I have exceeded his expectations. When I told him I wanted to be an actor and moved to New York City, I think he assumed I would be playing the guitar on the subway and collecting spare change in my guitar case. The fact that I'm not doing that means that I'm a huge success.
Once a wise individual said, Science doesn't in the slightest depend on trust. It depends completely on the belief that you can demonstrate something for yourself.
Once a wise individual said, Is there anything science should not try to explain? Science is knowledge and knowledge is power - power to do good or evil. Sometimes ignorance is bliss.
Once a wise individual said, Time is the most valuable thing on earth: time to think, time to act, time to extend our fraternal relations, time to become better men, time to become better women, time to become better and more independent citizens.
Once a wise individual said, It's just cool to me that Bon Jovi knows my name!
Once a wise individual said, Usually comedy is only available to us ladies in the romantic comedy. That's why I hate romantic comedies.
Once a wise individual said, Nothing truly convincing - which would possess thoroughness, vigor, and skill - has been written against the ancients as yet especially not against their poetry.
Once a wise individual said, I think one of the terrible things today is that people have this deathly fear of food: fear of eggs, say, or fear of butter. Most doctors feel that you can have a little bit of everything.
Once a wise individual said, What was past was past. I suppose that was the general attitude.
Once a wise individual said, Where there's marriage without love, there will be love without marriage.
Once a wise individual said, People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring.
Once a wise individual said, I had been involved in U.S. intelligence in Berlin, Germany, while in the military and had worked with a contact with the Central Intelligence Agency office there.
Once a wise individual said, Life is painting a picture, not doing a sum.
Once a wise individual said, I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.
Once a wise individual said, The world is full of people whose notion of a satisfactory future is, in fact, a return to the idealised past.
Once a wise individual said, God cannot alter the past, though historians can.
Once a wise individual said, It is only by not paying one's bills that one can hope to live in the memory of the commercial classes.
Once a wise individual said, To have striven, to have made the effort, to have been true to certain ideals - this alone is worth the struggle.
Once a wise individual said, True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
Once a wise individual said, Cliches about supporting the troops are designed to distract from failed policies, policies promoted by powerful special interests that benefit from war, anything to steer the discussion away from the real reasons the war in Iraq will not end anytime soon.
Once a wise individual said, I like the idea of accessibility, coming from a lower-middle-class background myself, I feel like beauty and products should be accessible to all women over the world.
Once a wise individual said, Over the years the political establishment has frowned if a mainstream politician mentions marriage.
Once a wise individual said, Touch a scientist and you touch a child.
Once a wise individual said, They have a kind of Bob Hope and Bing Crosby thing going on.
Once a wise individual said, People will travel anywhere for good food - it's crazy.
Once a wise individual said, We worry about the seemingly ever-increasing number of natural catastrophes. Yet this is mainly a consequence of CNN - we see many more, but the number is roughly constant, and we manage to deal much better with them over time. Globally, the death rate from catastrophes has dropped about fifty-fold over the past century.
Once a wise individual said, Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely.
Once a wise individual said, There is no great genius without a mixture of madness.
Once a wise individual said, True fans of the Constitution, like true fans of the national pastime, acknowledge the critical role of human judgment in making tough calls. We don't expect flawless interpretation. We expect good faith. We demand honesty.
Once a wise individual said, So I just had to step up how I was doing it and the moment that I stepped up and the moment I focused all my energy on that is when things started to happen. So there's a direct relationship between my inspiration and my output.
Once a wise individual said, It's been really fun to see with each album when I change to see the fans of the show emulate my style and with the first record a lot of the kids in the crowd were wearing neck ties like I was and now you'll see a lot of girls with pink hair. It's cool, it's actually really neat.
Once a wise individual said, It costs a lot to sue a magazine, and it's too bad that we don't have a system where the losing team has to pay the winning team's lawyers.
Once a wise individual said, If children are not introduced to music at an early age, I believe something fundamental is actually being taken from them.
Once a wise individual said, Education forms the common mind. Just as the twig is bent, the tree's inclined.
Once a wise individual said, Today, most young women are exposed to technology at a very young age, with mobile phones, tablets, the Web or social media. They are much more proficient with technology than prior generations since they use it for all their school work, communication and entertainment.
Once a wise individual said, I'm looking forward to influencing others in a positive way. My message is you can do anything if you just put your mind to it.
Once a wise individual said, I would make tea for Joni Mitchell or clean her car, anything to be in the studio and watch her work.
Once a wise individual said, That was always my frustration with so many of these shows, because design is not an ambush... it's a relationship. You have to know how people move and live and work to be able to design for them.
Once a wise individual said, The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul.
Once a wise individual said, Miami Beach - that's where I grew up, in a middle-class Jewish family led by my maternal grandfather. Me, my great-grandmother - a Holocaust survivor, who was my roommate - my grandparents, my mom and her brother all shared a four-bedroom house.
Once a wise individual said, Does art have a future? Performance genres like opera, theater, music and dance are thriving all over the world, but the visual arts have been in slow decline for nearly 40 years. No major figure of profound influence has emerged in painting or sculpture since the waning of Pop Art and the birth of Minimalism in the early 1970s.
Once a wise individual said, Jason Lee is the most famous actor from Hawaii I can think of.
Once a wise individual said, Education makes us more stupid than the brutes. A thousand voices call to us on every hand, but our ears are stopped with wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, There is humor in the specter of the worst disaster in our nation's history. All I have to do is sweep away the debris of shock to find it.
Once a wise individual said, I grew up with all boys in my family, where there was no place for girlie stuff. But it's amazing to walk into my house now. Everything is pink!
Once a wise individual said, I love funny people, and when I'm with funny people, or people who are amusing in their weirdness, I love it. Because that to me is funny, as opposed to someone who stops and says, 'Hey let me tell you a joke.'
Once a wise individual said, I think every person has their own identity and beauty. Everyone being different is what is really beautiful. If we were all the same, it would be boring.
Once a wise individual said, The way the bankers have kind of toppled the way money is distributed, and taken most of it into their own hands, is as good as Stalin or Hitler.
Once a wise individual said, While pimples are not as simple as too much milk or sugar in your diet, both have a significant impact. Nutritional deficiencies as well as excesses can worsen acne.
Once a wise individual said, I just go where my heart tells me, where my gut tells me to go, where I'm enjoying my life the most, where I feel like I can have the most success. I've truly enjoyed my experience in NASCAR, to the point that I want to do it full time.
Once a wise individual said, Never go to your high school reunion pregnant or they will think that is all you have done since you graduated.
Once a wise individual said, The thing I thought about doing it was it's Comic Relief and you've got to be funny. So although I did try to sing properly it obviously has hilarious results when you can't sing.
Once a wise individual said, What actually makes poetry poetry is of course impossible to define. We recognize it when we hear it, when we see it, but we can't define it.
Once a wise individual said, I got started when I was 3 years old because my father was a music teacher and my lessons were free. Instead of learning to walk, you learn to play the piano.
Once a wise individual said, The best thing to do is stare it in the face and move on. We have to face our fears and plow through. I think taking chances takes a lot more courage than staying stagnant and doing what's safe and comfortable.
Once a wise individual said, All that really matters is I have two beautiful kids, and I'm trying to be the best dad I can possibly be, and that's the most important thing of all.
Once a wise individual said, It is only with burning anger that we can speak of this attack by counter-revolutionary reactionary elements against the capital of our country, against our people's democratic order and the power of the working class.
Once a wise individual said, The less government interferes with private pursuits, the better for general prosperity.
Once a wise individual said, I remember a hundred lovely lakes, and recall the fragrant breath of pine and fir and cedar and poplar trees. The trail has strung upon it, as upon a thread of silk, opalescent dawns and saffron sunsets.
Once a wise individual said, Kids feel so strongly about what's going on today and what's happening to the world, and that's very inspiring. I feel more hopeful than ever before about the future.
Once a wise individual said, Indiscriminate firing by police on people is absolute barbarism. Instead of solving their problems, the government is trying to suppress the people by force.
Once a wise individual said, Local innovation and initiative can help us better understand how to protect our environment.
Once a wise individual said, The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.
Once a wise individual said, I did an album a long time ago called 'Replicas,' which was entirely science-fiction driven, or science-fantasy. Since then it's been a song here, a song there. It's not really a constant theme. I've written far more about my problems with religion, with God and all that.
Once a wise individual said, The business aspect is one of the most important things about having a music career, because every choice you make in a management meeting affects your life a year-and-a-half from now.
Once a wise individual said, I have experienced failure as a politician and for that very reason, I am ready to give everything for Japan.
Once a wise individual said, Too much coffee. Too much coffee and Gatorade. It's a hell of a mix. If you're ever tired in the morning, just try that mix, and tell me what you think.
Once a wise individual said, I love to cook so much. I like to cook everything. I really like to eat my food.
Once a wise individual said, A bachelor is a man who comes to work each morning from a different direction.
Once a wise individual said, It's really amazing that in the age of unbelief, as a smart man called it, there isn't even more fraud. After all, with no God, there's no one to ever call you to account, and no accounting at all if you can get away with it.
Once a wise individual said, My heart is so light that it's amazing. I get to play all this grief, all this loss, all this disaster and chaos. It's hysterically funny. I am very light.
Once a wise individual said, Data is not information, information is not knowledge, knowledge is not understanding, understanding is not wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, A mathematician is a person who can find analogies between theorems a better mathematician is one who can see analogies between proofs and the best mathematician can notice analogies between theories.
Once a wise individual said, In politics you learn to always smile.
Once a wise individual said, The most important role models should and could be parents and teachers. But that said, once you're a teenager you've probably gotten as much of an example from your parents as you're going to.
Once a wise individual said, I think it's almost an indulgence to focus on the dark side of things. And as you get older, you want to focus on the positive.
Once a wise individual said, How can you consider flower power outdated? The essence of my lyrics is the desire for peace and harmony. That's all anyone has ever wanted. How could it become outdated?
Once a wise individual said, My mom won't let anyone treat me like a little princess.
Once a wise individual said, But although all our knowledge begins with experience, it does not follow that it arises from experience.
Once a wise individual said, I think that people need to have the courage of their convictions and not be trying to fool people into thinking that they've changed overnight.
Once a wise individual said, Religion is about turning untested belief into unshakable truth through the power of institutions and the passage of time.
Once a wise individual said, However, I learned something. I thought that if the young person, the student, has poetry in him or her, to offer them help is like offering a propeller to a bird.
Once a wise individual said, You're not human if you don't feel fear. But I've learnt to treat fear as an emotion that sharpens me. It's there to give me that edge for what I have to do.
Once a wise individual said, Ours is the century of enforced travel of disappearances. The century of people helplessly seeing others, who were close to them, disappear over the horizon.
Once a wise individual said, I understood the importance in principle of public key cryptography but it's all moved much faster than I expected. I did not expect it to be a mainstay of advanced communications technology.
Once a wise individual said, I enjoy comedy and I hope that people enjoy watching me do it.
Once a wise individual said, The movie business is very difficult but the music business is just impossible. So I'll play in bands and record and play songs with other people, but for me it's a form of expression that all I need is me. I don't need cameras or agents, I can just have a piano and sing and feel totally verified.
Once a wise individual said, War is eternity jammed into frantic minutes that will fill a lifetime with dreams and nightmares.
Once a wise individual said, Working with David Cronenberg or Darren Aronofsky or even Steven Soderbergh isn't really like a typical Hollywood movie. These are true artists, and have a certain amount of freedom when they work, and they're more like independent filmmakers making their way through big studios.
Once a wise individual said, At 13, when I was a runaway, I was taken in by the most amazing drag queens in Portland, Ore. We didn't always know where our next meal was coming from, but there was so much camaraderie and love. Not to mention, those girls could paint a face, and I learned how because of them.
Once a wise individual said, For this equilibrium now in sight, let us trust that mankind, as it has occurred in the greatest periods of its past, will find for itself a new code of ethics, common to all, made of tolerance, of courage, and of faith in the Spirit of men.
Once a wise individual said, The real issue is not talent as an independent element, but talent in relationship to will, desire, and persistence. Talent without these things vanishes and even modest talent with those characteristics grows.
Once a wise individual said, Faith must trample under foot all reason, sense, and understanding.
Once a wise individual said, And the smile that is worth the praises of earth is the smile that shines through tears.
Once a wise individual said, Being a good teammate is when you try to sprint down a ball that everyone thinks is going out of bounds. But you go after it anyways and you get it.
Once a wise individual said, Absences are a good influence in love and keep it bright and delicate.
Once a wise individual said, You do not want to get married at 22! Especially if you're famous, because girls are going to be throwing themselves at you.
Once a wise individual said, Yeah, ideally, I'd probably wish to be more anonymous. But scrutiny and success go together. And I want to be successful.
Once a wise individual said, Fear is the passion of slaves.
Once a wise individual said, Maybe we can show government how to operate better as a result of better architecture. Eventually, I think Chicago will be the most beautiful great city left in the world.
Once a wise individual said, We may sooner be brought to love them that hate us, than them that love us more than we would have them do.
Once a wise individual said, The truth is on the march and nothing will stop it.
Once a wise individual said, It is simply a fact that the birth rate of our illegal immigrants exceeds that of our legal residents.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a big fan of small business ownership. I think it's the backbone of American innovation. But to be successful, you first have to have the courage to go for it.
Once a wise individual said, At the School of Visual Arts in New York, you can get your degree in Net art, which is really a fantastic way of thinking of theater in new ways.
Once a wise individual said, Back in the mid-1970s, we adopted some fairly ambitious goals to improve efficiency of our cars. What did we get? We got a tremendous boost in efficiency.
Once a wise individual said, Every man has his own courage, and is betrayed because he seeks in himself the courage of other persons.
Once a wise individual said, Sixty years ago I knew everything now I know nothing education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance.
Once a wise individual said, I believe very strongly, and have fought since many years ago - at least over 30 years ago - to get architecture not just within schools, but architecture talked about under history, geography, science, technology, art.
Once a wise individual said, Most of what we call management consists of making it difficult for people to get their work done.
Once a wise individual said, My dad was a good athlete. My mom had longevity. There were some athletic genes that certainly got passed down.
Once a wise individual said, No oppression is so heavy or lasting as that which is inflicted by the perversion and exorbitance of legal authority.
Once a wise individual said, It's cool when fans spend so much time making things for me. It means a lot.
Once a wise individual said, Travel in all the four quarters of the earth, yet you will find nothing anywhere. Whatever there is, is only here.
Once a wise individual said, Man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue on.
Once a wise individual said, The failure of world leaders to act on the critical issue of global warming is often blamed on economic considerations.
Once a wise individual said, If marriage really is a sacred institution, then why is the government controlling it, especially in a nation that affirms separation of church and state?
Once a wise individual said, Old age and the passage of time teach all things.
Once a wise individual said, Especially for me, growing up in such a small town in the middle of nowhere, the desire to be away was incredible. I wanted to see new lands, meet new people from the city, and meet people that were in much less fortunate situations than I was, so that I could be more appreciative of my present. At least I had food on the table.
Once a wise individual said, We can just assume they have much more and powerful, more advanced technology, all the new computers, everything could be much more easier and help them to build much more and many more nuclear weapons.
Once a wise individual said, I can't really put it in one sentence because although on one hand Preacher is about faith and yes it is also about, I suppose, the search for God, the search for faith and the manipulation and the abuse committed by figures in whom I suppose people have faith.
Once a wise individual said, Religious suffering is at once the expression of real suffering and a protest against real suffering. Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the sentiment of the heartless world, as it is the soul of soulless condition. It is the opium of the people.
Once a wise individual said, Life is short, the art long.
Once a wise individual said, Instead of leading the world by how much we borrow, it's time that we make sure we lead the world in how much we build and create and invest.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not driven to get back into politics. It's not on my top five things to do before I die, but saying that, I may be in politics in the next year or the next ten years. I've been on the front line for 12 years, four in state government, eight on the national level.
Once a wise individual said, Dodi got a lot of criticism when he began dating Princess Diana. No one seemed to think he was good enough for her.
Once a wise individual said, Every man should have laws of his own, I should think commandments of his own, for every man has a different set of circumstances wherein to work - or worry.
Once a wise individual said, I was really bright as a kid and tested well, and it was clear that I was going to get scholarships to any schools I wanted. My dad always said I could be an engineer at that time it was the elite of society: steady job, working in science, which was then the answer to every problem we had. It was kind of a mandate. Kind of a dream he had for me.
Once a wise individual said, Being big and famous doesn't get you more freedom, it gets you less.
Once a wise individual said, We all have big changes in our lives that are more or less a second chance.
Once a wise individual said, I often say the last role I played that really touched me and where I was able to access what I really am was Bonnie, which is kind of sad when you think how early in my career that was.
Once a wise individual said, Man is not the creature of circumstances, circumstances are the creatures of men. We are free agents, and man is more powerful than matter.
Once a wise individual said, When you retire, it's a place in life, a part of the journey. You just don't quit work you develop an attitude where you can do what you please.
Once a wise individual said, Success breeds volume, and it's just amazing how many young writers, artists, and musicians there are in town.
Once a wise individual said, There is a positive and personal relationship between the Egyptian people and the Syrian people.
Once a wise individual said, If I wanted to make spy movies for the rest of my life, that would be one thing, but I don't want to just make spy movies.
Once a wise individual said, I have been following a vegan diet now since the 1980s, and find it not only healthier, but also much more attractive than the chunks of meat that were on my plate as a child.
Once a wise individual said, Professional sports is a business.
Once a wise individual said, Americans have been given goals to achieve in Iraq, but not the standards by which to measure progress. And the only assurance Americans have been given that we can reach those goals is to trust the President and his Administration at their word.
Once a wise individual said, I like sports, and swimming is my favorite. Doing physical exercises keeps one fit and healthy and helps one work more efficiently. I think we all need to strike a balance between work and relaxation. This can keep us energetic and help us do our job better.
Once a wise individual said, The comic is the perception of the opposite humor is the feeling of it.
Once a wise individual said, We must seek to persuade member states and institutions that better regulation in Europe does not mean cutting health and safety in the workplace, nor does it mean dismantling social standards.
Once a wise individual said, There is nothing so agonizing to the fine skin of vanity as the application of a rough truth.
Once a wise individual said, Here I am trying to live, or rather, I am trying to teach the death within me how to live.
Once a wise individual said, A human being has so many skins inside, covering the depths of the heart. We know so many things, but we don't know ourselves! Why, thirty or forty skins or hides, as thick and hard as an ox's or bear's, cover the soul. Go into your own ground and learn to know yourself there.
Once a wise individual said, Seeing unhappiness in the marriage of friends, I was content to have chosen music and laughter as a substitute for a husband.
Once a wise individual said, When I first broke through, there was only NBC, CBS and ABC, and they had news in the morning and in the evening - there wasn't no 24-hour news.
Once a wise individual said, And secondly, I would impose a significant state landfill tipping fee and use that tipping fee to fund the billion dollar bond issue that I want to create to produce the funds for all of the environmental challenges that we just went over.
Once a wise individual said, If you don't understand that you work for your mislabeled 'subordinates,' then you know nothing of leadership. You know only tyranny.
Once a wise individual said, One should believe in marriage as in the immortality of the soul.
Once a wise individual said, Men are only as loyal as their options.
Once a wise individual said, As a housewife, I feel that if the kids are still alive when my husband gets home from work, then hey, I've done my job.
Once a wise individual said, Technology is anything that wasn't around when you were born.
Once a wise individual said, For all my years in public life, I have believed that America must sail toward the shores of liberty and justice for all. There is no end to that journey, only the next great voyage. We know the future will outlast all of us, but I believe that all of us will live on in the future we make.
Once a wise individual said, A journey is like marriage. The certain way to be wrong is to think you control it.
Once a wise individual said, I like to hang out with my friends. I love music. I like to go to the movies. I like to eat. I like to cook.
Once a wise individual said, We were called The Toilets originally - we were flushed with success.
Once a wise individual said, The only real failure in life is one not learned from.
Once a wise individual said, Children rarely want to know who their parents were before they were parents, and when age finally stirs their curiosity, there is no parent left to tell them.
Once a wise individual said, Every song you're trying to find something that going to connect in different ways but for me the songs that I'm really drawn to are inspirational, songs that lift you and that everybody can relate to no matter where you're from.
Once a wise individual said, If we get the capabilities, NATO, along with the European Union, can do amazing things.
Once a wise individual said, I am always looking for a cool tee shirt maybe one with a rock band or an old advertisement.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness will come from materialism, not from meaning.
Once a wise individual said, Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses.
Once a wise individual said, Vision gets the dreams started. Dreaming employs your God-given imagination to reinforce the vision. Both are part of something I believe is absolutely necessary to building the life of a champion, a winner, a person of high character who is consistently at the top of whatever game he or she is in.
Once a wise individual said, And remember, where you have a concentration of power in a few hands, all too frequently men with the mentality of gangsters get control. History has proven that.
Once a wise individual said, I think it's important for artists to work together. It's great for fans to see, like, Ludacris came out to our show in Atlanta and kinda made a surprise appearance there, it shows a mutual respect for what each other does.
Once a wise individual said, I think ultimately I make people happy: Whether I'm doing the stage show, giving somebody a makeover, or designing clothing, the end goal is to make people smile.
Once a wise individual said, When violence becomes imbedded in a region, then this affects everything. It affects your dreams, your fantasies and relationships, and your religion becomes violent, too.
Once a wise individual said, My happiest memory of childhood was my first birthday in reform school. This teacher took an interest in me. In fact, he gave me the first birthday presents I ever got: a box of Cracker Jacks and a can of ABC shoe polish.
Once a wise individual said, The person who needs the other person the least in a relationship is the stronger member.
Once a wise individual said, For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
Once a wise individual said, The newspaper is a marvelous medium. It is extraordinarily convenient and cheap. Let's see. This one cost 75 cents. Now that's a little high. I bought it when I was downtown this morning.
Once a wise individual said, We have domesticated God's transcendence. We often learn about God at about the same time as we are learning about Santa Claus but our ideas about Santa Claus change, mature and become more nuanced, whereas our ideas of God can remain at a rather infantile level.
Once a wise individual said, Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
Once a wise individual said, People don't really understand, but having people stare, and point, and take pictures, even if it is in a positive framework, is quite isolating there's no two ways about it. You feel a little bit, you know, freakish.
Once a wise individual said, Dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so you shall become. Your vision is the promise of what you shall one day be your ideal is the prophecy of what you shall at last unveil.
Once a wise individual said, There is nothing so habit-forming as money.
Once a wise individual said, Just let me use the technology I want at a fair price.
Once a wise individual said, As a rule, men worry more about what they can't see than about what they can.
Once a wise individual said, When we were children we were grateful to those who filled our stockings at Christmas time. Why are we not grateful to God for filling our stockings with legs?
Once a wise individual said, Usually, in romantic comedies, you end up sacrificing a great deal of the complexity - you know, just two attractive people and a good soundtrack.
Once a wise individual said, As legal slavery passed, we entered into a permanent period of unemployment and underemployment from which we have yet to emerge.
Once a wise individual said, This is not the time for partisan bickering. This is not the time for politics as usual. Some of us are Democrats. Some of us are Republicans. Some of us are Independents. Above all, we must be Oklahomans first.
Once a wise individual said, Be true to the game, because the game will be true to you. If you try to shortcut the game, then the game will shortcut you. If you put forth the effort, good things will be bestowed upon you. That's truly about the game, and in some ways that's about life too.
Once a wise individual said, Moby Dick - that book is so amazing. I just realized that it starts with two characters meeting in bed that's how my book begins, too, but I hadn't noticed the parallel before, two characters forced to share a bed, reluctantly.
Once a wise individual said, Look, I think Hispanic community - the values that resonate in our community are fundamentally conservative. They are faith, family and patriotism.
Once a wise individual said, It takes considerable knowledge just to realize the extent of your own ignorance.
Once a wise individual said, God and Nature first made us what we are, and then out of our own created genius we make ourselves what we want to be. Follow always that great law. Let the sky and God be our limit and Eternity our measurement.
Once a wise individual said, Patience and Diligence, like faith, remove mountains.
Once a wise individual said, Man is not logical and his intellectual history is a record of mental reserves and compromises. He hangs on to what he can in his old beliefs even when he is compelled to surrender their logical basis.
Once a wise individual said, I think if I could have a boyfriend like my brothers I'd be really happy. But without the brother thing.
Once a wise individual said, It's just an unhealthy way to approach something, trying to outdo your last thing. You've gotta trust evolution, you've gotta trust that the bar is moving, that you don't need to force the bar. It'll just happen.
Once a wise individual said, To fall in love is to create a religion that has a fallible god.
Once a wise individual said, I'd rather have huge success and huge failures than travel in the middle of the road.
Once a wise individual said, I believed my story would be helpful to young women my daughter's age, who are still in the process of forming themselves as women, and in need of encouragement to remain true to themselves.
Once a wise individual said, But because we've all been readers, we know what the experience is like, and we hope that what certain writers have given to us, we will give to someone.
Once a wise individual said, The recognition of the art that informs all pure science need not mean the abandonment for it of all present art, rather it will mean the completion of the transformation of art that has already begun.
Once a wise individual said, Faith is not something to grasp, it is a state to grow into.
Once a wise individual said, The prerequisite of originality is the art of forgetting, at the proper moment, what we know.
Once a wise individual said, What can be added to the happiness of a man who is in health, out of debt, and has a clear conscience?
Once a wise individual said, What inspires you, what excites you when you wake up in the morning?
Once a wise individual said, Suicidal violence is not the exclusive property of the Muslim world. Suicide bombings were a tactic of nationalist struggles in 19th-century Europe and Russia, the far east during the second world war and the Vietnam war, and in modern Sri Lanka.
Once a wise individual said, The real and lasting victories are those of peace, and not of war.
Once a wise individual said, Obedience is detachment from the self. This is the most radical detachment of all. But what is the self? The self is the principle of reason and responsibility in us. It is the root of freedom, it is what makes us men.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes I make very selfish choices like I did 'Once Upon A Time' for my inner 8-year-old and my hypothetical future child. I've done some movies because I would regret them if I didn't, but other projects I've done because they've scared me or if I felt I needed to do a big romantic comedy to help me professionally.
Once a wise individual said, Everyone gets surprised because neither one of my parents play golf. Like I said in my speech, my aunt and uncle really love golf, and we visited them, and she gave me two clubs. Like people think when they don't know who my dad is, they think he's my coach.
Once a wise individual said, I have discovered the art of deceiving diplomats. I tell them the truth and they never believe me.
Once a wise individual said, Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage has made me a lot happier and I'm deeply in love with my wife, and I thank God for her every day.
Once a wise individual said, I've learned from experience that if you work harder at it, and apply more energy and time to it, and more consistency, you get a better result. It comes from the work.
Once a wise individual said, Good design begins with honesty, asks tough questions, comes from collaboration and from trusting your intuition.
Once a wise individual said, The American culture promotes personal responsibility, the dignity of work, the value of education, the merit of service, devotion to a purpose greater than self, and at the foundation, the pre-eminence of family.
Once a wise individual said, All of a sudden, Hulk Hogan has become retro. Hulk Hogan has become cool again. So to come out and to hear how loud the fans are. To hear how loyal the fans are, it's truly overwhelming. I just can't believe I've been reborn in the WWE.
Once a wise individual said, I feel like sometimes that I was not meant for this society.
Once a wise individual said, Rather than turning away from the staggering scale and depth of misery caused by war, we must strive to develop our capacity to empathize and feel the sufferings of others.
Once a wise individual said, Prison continues, on those who are entrusted to it, a work begun elsewhere, which the whole of society pursues on each individual through innumerable mechanisms of discipline.
Once a wise individual said, Over the next two years UNICEF will focus on improving access to and the quality of education to provide children who have dropped out of school or who work during school hours the opportunity to gain a formal education!
Once a wise individual said, I'm crazy about my father, he's an amazing man, a real adventurer. He took us with him to travel all over the world. We were in places that were so remote, that white people hardly ever reach them.
Once a wise individual said, I think one of the most threatening places to be in politics is a black conservative because there are so many liberals who want to continue to reinforce a stereotype that doesn't exist about America.
Once a wise individual said, For us, sons of France, political sentiment is a passion while, for the Englishmen, politics are a question of business.
Once a wise individual said, He who is not a good servant will not be a good master.
Once a wise individual said, For 13 to be unlucky would require there to be some kind of cosmic intelligence that counts things that humans count and that also makes certain things happen on certain dates or in certain places according to whether the number 13 'is involved' or not (whatever 'is involved' might mean).
Once a wise individual said, The average Nigerian person has come to reconcile himself with the fact that his or her social progress remain essentially in his or her hands in collaboration with other fellow Nigerians and not merely relying on what government alone could provide for him or her.
Once a wise individual said, Lives of great men all remind us, we can make our lives sublime, and, departing, leave behind us, footprints on the sands of time.
Once a wise individual said, It's funny, because I did all of these interviews as soon as I had the baby, and they were asking questions, and I really didn't have an idea of anything, because I was so blurry.
Once a wise individual said, Drawing is the honesty of the art. There is no possibility of cheating. It is either good or bad.
Once a wise individual said, They need to learn poetry. They don't need to learn about poetry. They don't need to be told how to interpret poetry. They don't need to be told how to understand poetry. They need to learn it.
Once a wise individual said, Those who weep recover more quickly than those who smile.
Once a wise individual said, Failure is not an option. Everyone has to succeed.
Once a wise individual said, America is not just a democracy, it represents a certain culture of competitive mobility and personality aspirations, politics is not merely a clash of interests, but a clash of dreams.
Once a wise individual said, Well, the chairman of Federal Reserve just made his move to rescue Barack Obama. We're gonna have QE3. We're gonna print some more money.
Once a wise individual said, People ask 'How does doing a film compare to doing an ad?' Well, when you're doing a commercial you don't have to sell tickets. You have a captured audience. Which is actually completely rare and great it gives you a lot of freedom. When you make a film, you have to do advertisements for the film.
Once a wise individual said, Religion can make it worse. Are you supposing that if people were encouraged to believe in a transcendent reality, and to be encouraged by grand rituals and music and preaching, to love their neighbors, then they would put jealousy and frustration aside?
Once a wise individual said, I have always argued that change becomes stressful and overwhelming only when you've lost any sense of the constancy of your life. You need firm ground to stand on. From there, you can deal with that change.
Once a wise individual said, Every time you go in, it's like starting over. You don't know how you did the other records. You're learning all over. It's some weird musician amnesia, or maybe the road wipes it out.
Once a wise individual said, Always keep your mind as bright and clear as the vast sky, the great ocean, and the highest peak, empty of all thoughts. Always keep your body filled with light and heat. Fill yourself with the power of wisdom and enlightenment.
Once a wise individual said, On the one hand, the guns were there to help capture the imagination of the people. But more important, since we knew that you couldn't observe the police without guns, we took our guns with us to let the police know that we have an equalizer.
Once a wise individual said, There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
Once a wise individual said, It is not enough to show people how to live better: there is a mandate for any group with enormous powers of communication to show people how to be better.
Once a wise individual said, Fear of things invisible in the natural seed of that which everyone in himself calleth religion.
Once a wise individual said, You're going to relegate my history to a month.
Once a wise individual said, If you have issues with family, friends, and people at work, try and solve these issues head on so you can move on and concentrate on having the life you want.
Once a wise individual said, Of all religions, the Christian should of course inspire the most tolerance, but until now Christians have been the most intolerant of all men.
Once a wise individual said, Are we still a country that takes risks, that innovates, that believes anything is possible? Or are we a country that is resigned to whatever liberty the government decides to dish out?
Once a wise individual said, In politics it is necessary either to betray one's country or the electorate. I prefer to betray the electorate.
Once a wise individual said, I've had to deal, a lot, with my own sense of intimidation at meeting famous people - especially actors, but really any famous people.
Once a wise individual said, There is no such thing as an underestimate of average intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, Politics is the art of preventing people from busying themselves with what is their own business.
Once a wise individual said, Hope is itself a species of happiness, and, perhaps, the chief happiness, which this world affords.
Once a wise individual said, You always fear when you're making a movie that has a moral to the story that people are going to reject the idea of being taught a lesson.
Once a wise individual said, Food during my early years was a very difficult issue for me. I grew up in an addictive family. My mother had serious problems with alcohol and prescription drugs. I was an overweight kid. I can remember back in those days there weren't the strategies that there are today to deal with those issues.
Once a wise individual said, Rotary provides training at all levels so that those who have been selected for leadership positions have the opportunity to learn and apply leadership principles to their jobs.
Once a wise individual said, You can learn many things from children. How much patience you have, for instance.
Once a wise individual said, I like freedom. I wake up in the morning and say, 'I don't know, should I have a popsicle or a donut?' You know, who knows?
Once a wise individual said, The reason can only be this: heroic poetry depends on an heroic age, and an age is heroic because of what it is, not because of what it does.
Once a wise individual said, I want to stay healthy, keep fit, eat well, keep a low profile and be a good dad.
Once a wise individual said, There is only one difference between a long life and a good dinner: that, in the dinner, the sweets come last.
Once a wise individual said, To all those who have suffered as a consequence of our troubled past I extend my sincere thoughts and deep sympathy. With the benefit of historical hindsight we can all see things which we would wish had been done differently or not at all.
Once a wise individual said, I'm by no means condemning prescription medicine for mental health. I've seen it save a lot of people's lives.
Once a wise individual said, I was brought up by a single mom in a poor town in Arkansas and while some aspects of small-town life were really positive - like the fact that everyone there is really sweet and hospitable - there is also this close-minded mentality, and that naturally made me want to rebel.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom of speech is always under attack by Fascist mentality, which exists in all parts of the world, unfortunately.
Once a wise individual said, I got my first big paycheck for 'My Best Friend's Wedding.' This was in the days when you actually did get paid to have a supporting role. It just doesn't happen like that anymore, but this was in the '90s. It was the golden age!
Once a wise individual said, The only thing we have learnt from experience is that we learn nothing from experience.
Once a wise individual said, If you have God on your side, everything becomes clear.
Once a wise individual said, This post of President is a Constitutional post. It is the duty of everyone, all citizens to see that they respect the post... the institution of President.
Once a wise individual said, My dad was a golden gloves boxer in the Marine Corps, then a deputy sheriff. My mom worked as an office assistant.
Once a wise individual said, We would be false to our trust if we allowed the time it takes to give effect to constitutional rights to be used as the very reason for taking away those rights.
Once a wise individual said, I'd never really babysat. I feel like I'm Blair, or 'Gossip Girl.' A teenager, basically - and now suddenly I'm a mom?
Once a wise individual said, Religion, like water, may be free, but when they pipe it to you, you've got to help pay for piping. And the Piper!
Once a wise individual said, I have kids and I want to have a long life and there are certain things that are conducive to that and certain things that aren't. I've opted for the road of happiness and long life.
Once a wise individual said, Christmas can have a real melancholy aspect, 'cause it packages itself as this idea of perfect family cohesion and love, and you're always going to come up short when you measure your personal life against the idealized personal lives that are constantly thrust in our faces, primarily by TV commercials.
Once a wise individual said, So I really did stop and change what I saw I was about, and really try to put that principle into play as the center of everything - my friendships, my marriage, my career, my family, my way of being in the world. And that changed everything for me.
Once a wise individual said, For me to stay healthy in a relationship, the individuals have to nurture themselves.
Once a wise individual said, Beauty makes idiots sad and wise men merry.
Once a wise individual said, Patience and tenacity are worth more than twice their weight of cleverness.
Once a wise individual said, Advertising is legalized lying.
Once a wise individual said, I don't want to be famous per se, but I want to write books for as long as I can. And I plan on writing a lot.
Once a wise individual said, In response to our fast-food culture, a 'slow food' movement appeared. Out of hurried parenthood, a move toward slow parenting could be growing. With vital government supports for state-of-the-art public child care and paid parental leave, maybe we would be ready to try slow love and marriage.
Once a wise individual said, At the end of the day, there's only a few major stars in the music business, and then there's all these people that are aspiring to be that.
Once a wise individual said, All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.
Once a wise individual said, I'd say it's been my biggest problem all my life... it's money. It takes a lot of money to make these dreams come true.
Once a wise individual said, The one phrase you can use is that success has a thousand fathers, and failure is an orphan.
Once a wise individual said, The Lord's prayer contains the sum total of religion and morals.
Once a wise individual said, There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
Once a wise individual said, The hardest part is to travel, and to be away from your family.
Once a wise individual said, On 'Van Halen,' I was a young punk, and everything revolved around the fastest kid in town, gunslinger attitude. But I'd say that at the time of 'Fair Warning,' I started concentrating more on songwriting. But I guess in most people's minds I'm just a gunslinger.
Once a wise individual said, You have to make peace with yourself. The key is to find the harmony in what you have.
Once a wise individual said, We are all born with a unique genetic blueprint, which lays out the basic characteristics of our personality as well as our physical health and appearance... And yet, we all know that life experiences do change us.
Once a wise individual said, I think I'm a fun flatmate. I'm always cheerful. I go on tour with my band so it's 12 people on one bus and I feel like I'm the one who's happy in the morning. I'm not a chaotic person, but I might slack off on doing the dishes from time to time.
Once a wise individual said, I know some people say it's not the best to work with your family, but I have never understood that because it's always worked so well for me.
Once a wise individual said, Love demands infinitely less than friendship.
Once a wise individual said, I certainly did feel inferior. Because of class. Because of strength. Because of height. I guess if I'd been able to hit somebody in the nose, I wouldn't have been a comic.
Once a wise individual said, The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep.
Once a wise individual said, Well there's nobody who has a more supportive husband than I do, and he has a business that he runs, and it's his own business, so he has work to do, my kids have school to do, I mean, people have - there are other things in life besides politics.
Once a wise individual said, I am a big popcorn fanatic. I love popcorn. In fact one year for my birthday, my husband bought me one of those big popcorn machines like they have in movie theaters.
Once a wise individual said, Peace of mind comes from not wanting to change others.
Once a wise individual said, It's clear that people are going to download media files, and they're going to talk to each other, and they're going to exchange information and knowledge and so forth. So this system logic is basically what you bounce off of.
Once a wise individual said, I will say that I think Israel enjoys strong bipartisan support in the United States. It's really above and beyond American politics.
Once a wise individual said, Do you want me to apologize after every joke? If it doesn't offend somebody it's probably not a joke. It's probably an observation that's not funny. It's gotta offend somebody somewhere.
Once a wise individual said, I would kiss you, had I the courage.
Once a wise individual said, There can be hope only for a society which acts as one big family, not as many separate ones.
Once a wise individual said, Life is a predicament which precedes death.
Once a wise individual said, The risk presented by these lethal wastes is like no other risk, and we should not be expected to accept it or to project it into the future in order for manufacturers and utilities to make a dollar killing now.
Once a wise individual said, We can be tired, weary and emotionally distraught, but after spending time alone with God, we find that He injects into our bodies energy, power and strength.
Once a wise individual said, Friendship is the shadow of the evening, which increases with the setting sun of life.
Once a wise individual said, Solitude can be used well by very few people. They who do must have a knowledge of the world to see the foolishness of it, and enough virtue to despise all the vanity.
Once a wise individual said, I would have probably stolen cars - it would have given me the same adrenaline rush as racing.
Once a wise individual said, Becoming a mother cannot help but change things. An author's life is reflected in their writing, whether they want it to be or not, and parenthood is one of the biggest life changes there is.
Once a wise individual said, I got attention by being funny at school, pretending to be retarded, and jumping around with a deformed hand.
Once a wise individual said, I could have ended the war in a month. I could have made North Vietnam look like a mud puddle.
Once a wise individual said, Religion, you can't a handle on it, you just have to know or not know-people either believe or they don't believe.
Once a wise individual said, I'm 33 now and I seem to have hit a fitness plane. Shifting the wobbly bits isn't as easy as it used to be.
Once a wise individual said, No experience is a cause of success or failure. We do not suffer from the shock of our experiences, so-called trauma - but we make out of them just what suits our purposes.
Once a wise individual said, Faith is an island in the setting sun, But proof is the bottom line for everyone.
Once a wise individual said, When I am dead, I hope it may be said: His sins were scarlet, but his books were read.
Once a wise individual said, The people I want are very famous and very rich, and all I can offer them is a bit of exposure on TV and a bit of cash, so it's a miracle we get any guests at all. But we have been very lucky.
Once a wise individual said, We need real leadership, Democrat, Republican and independent to stand up and say, we have to live within our means.
Once a wise individual said, I'm sorry, man, but I've got magic. I've got poetry in my fingertips. Most of the time - and this includes naps - I'm an F-18, bro. And I will destroy you in the air. I will deploy my ordinance to the ground.
Once a wise individual said, He who bestows his goods upon the poor shall have as much again, and ten times more.
Once a wise individual said, The reasons why I left were to do with my interest in Buddhism. There were experiences over a period of about six months which caused me to decide to give up music, so one morning I felt I had to go to E.G. Management and tell them.
Once a wise individual said, I believe we are on an irreversible trend toward more freedom and democracy - but that could change.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is a sort of homecoming.
Once a wise individual said, Today I love myself as I love my god: who could charge me with a sin today? I know only sins against my god but who knows my god?
Once a wise individual said, To prefer evil to good is not in human nature and when a man is compelled to choose one of two evils, no one will choose the greater when he might have the less.
Once a wise individual said, We are drowning in information, while starving for wisdom. The world henceforth will be run by synthesizers, people able to put together the right information at the right time, think critically about it, and make important choices wisely.
Once a wise individual said, Of course the EU and member states must work to ensure that people moving from one country to another understand their obligations and their rights in areas like health, road safety and further education.
Once a wise individual said, People usually think according to their inclinations, speak according to their learning and ingrained opinions, but generally act according to custom.
Once a wise individual said, No country can act wisely simultaneously in every part of the globe at every moment of time.
Once a wise individual said, My view is pensioners don't have the one option that people of working age have. They can't really increase their income, because they are no longer able to work.
Once a wise individual said, In almost every profession - whether it's law or journalism, finance or medicine or academia or running a small business - people rely on confidential communications to do their jobs. We count on the space of trust that confidentiality provides. When someone breaches that trust, we are all worse off for it.
Once a wise individual said, A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning.
Once a wise individual said, Back then I didn't think a woman like that, or a relationship like that, could exist with complete freedom and no jealousy or possessiveness. I thought it sounded too good to be true and I was certainly convinced it wasn't the life for me!
Once a wise individual said, At one point, I even thought, 'Oh, I'll take diet pills.' I tried it for one day, and I thought my heart was going to explode. It's awful, and I would never, ever recommend it.
Once a wise individual said, It is a mistake to look too far ahead. Only one link of the chain of destiny can be handled at a time.
Once a wise individual said, If you spend your life competing with business men, what do you have? A bank account and ulcers!
Once a wise individual said, I am still learning.
Once a wise individual said, Aren't women prudes if they don't and prostitutes if they do?
Once a wise individual said, Freedom. And Justice. If you have those two, it covers everything. You must stick to those principles and have the courage of your convictions.
Once a wise individual said, Heat of blood makes young people change their inclinations often, and habit makes old ones keep to theirs a great while.
Once a wise individual said, The artist is a receptacle for emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from the earth, from a scrap of paper, from a passing shape, from a spider's web.
Once a wise individual said, The territorial state is such an ancient form of society - here in Europe it dates back thousands of years - that it is now protected by the sanctity of age and the glory of tradition. A strong religious feeling mingles with the respect and the devotion to the fatherland.
Once a wise individual said, My childhood was influenced by the roles my father played in his movies. Whether Abraham Lincoln or Tom Joad in the 'Grapes of Wrath,' his characters communicated certain values which I try to carry with me to this day.
Once a wise individual said, When I was a kid I got busted for throwing a rock through a car window and egging a house on halloween.
Once a wise individual said, The banking collapse was caused, more than anything, by bad government policy and the total failure of bad regulation, rather than by greed.
Once a wise individual said, The terrorist uses surprise and stealth, and the only way to defeat that is by having accurate and timely intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, As long as the number one worry for people, keeping them up at nights, is whether they're going to have a job in the morning, then they are less likely to resist unfair changes, or unfair treatment, or cuts in real pay at work.
Once a wise individual said, I live alone, with cats, books, pictures, fresh vegetables to cook, the garden, the hens to feed.
Once a wise individual said, I would do it today because the thing that appealed to me was not necessarily the mechanics of the robot, but it was his personality and how funny and charming he was.
Once a wise individual said, Food should be fun.
Once a wise individual said, Instead of going to college, I spent my time out on the road learning how to be a better musician.
Once a wise individual said, Great acts are made up of small deeds.
Once a wise individual said, The most positive men are the most credulous.
Once a wise individual said, The heart will break, but broken live on.
Once a wise individual said, Being rich is a good thing. Not just in the obvious sense of benefitting you and your family, but in the broader sense. Profits are not a zero sum game. The more you make, the more of a financial impact you can have.
Once a wise individual said, Work isn't to make money you work to justify life.
Once a wise individual said, The true humanist maintains a just balance between sympathy and selection.
Once a wise individual said, The president felt that it was important to send an ordinary citizen to experience the excitement of space travel as a representative for all Americans.
Once a wise individual said, I can't be a man. But I can embrace the head of a man, the intelligence of a man, the spirit of a man.
Once a wise individual said, In virtually every Western society in the 1960s there was a moral revolution, an abandonment of its entire traditional ethic of self-restraint.
Once a wise individual said, Mankind is like dogs, not gods - as long as you don't get mad they'll bite you - but stay mad and you'll never be bitten. Dogs don't respect humility and sorrow.
Once a wise individual said, Do you want to be an actor, or do you want to be a celebrity? I made that decision when I went to Juilliard. I wanted to be an actor. So, if I get the opportunity to be an actor and do some cool, fun and interesting projects, I'm going to do that.
Once a wise individual said, Many of our own people here in this country do not ask about computers, telephones and television sets. They ask - when will we get a road to our village.
Once a wise individual said, My nominee for Best Picture of the year - maybe the best picture ever, because it's essentially made up of and is an ecstatic love letter to all other movies - is Christian Marclay's endlessly enticing must-see masterpiece 'The Clock.'
Once a wise individual said, In the sex war, thoughtlessness is the weapon of the male, vindictiveness of the female.
Once a wise individual said, Yeah, I like to be the maker of the art. And I like and want the money. But I don't really dig being famous.
Once a wise individual said, Hopes are but the dreams of those that wake.
Once a wise individual said, But those who believe that what our people desire is big government are living in a state of delusion.
Once a wise individual said, The best minds are not in government. If any were, business would steal them away.
Once a wise individual said, Thank you to everyone that has made me the athlete I am! God, family and friends, my competitors and supporters! You have all had a hand!
Once a wise individual said, We live in the mind, in ideas, in fragments. We no longer drink in the wild outer music of the streets - we remember only.
Once a wise individual said, Calmness is the cradle of power.
Once a wise individual said, The substance of faith is a hope in the unseen.
Once a wise individual said, I planned my success. I knew it was going to happen.
Once a wise individual said, You can't fake it when you're alone with God, you know.
Once a wise individual said, When the fabric of society is so rigid that it cannot change quickly enough, adjustments are achieved by social unrest and revolutions.
Once a wise individual said, Yeah, it's odd when you look back at your own work. Some filmmakers don't look back at their work at all. I look at my work a lot, actually. I feel like I learned something while looking at stuff I've done in terms of what I'm going to do in the future, mistakes I've made and things at work or what have you.
Once a wise individual said, There are certain things in which mediocrity is not to be endured, such as poetry, music, painting, public speaking.
Once a wise individual said, So I applied to medical school and received a scholarship at Washington University in St. Louis. Washington University turned out to be a lucky choice. The faculty was scholarly and dedicated and accessible to students.
Once a wise individual said, I am delighted with the strong vote I have received. My message of positive leadership, patriotism and commitment clearly was resonating with tens of thousands of ordinary Irish people.
Once a wise individual said, Outstanding leaders go out of their way to boost the self-esteem of their personnel. If people believe in themselves, it's amazing what they can accomplish.
Once a wise individual said, Remaining vigilant toward this ever-present threat means constantly learning how better to protect ourselves. But primarily it reminds us that we must fight and win the war on terror, so that we do not have to fight it here in America.
Once a wise individual said, We had common interests in the beauty of the French language. We both had a tremendous love of jazz. We shared dreams of getting married and having a family, living in the country, leading an idyllic life.
Once a wise individual said, Innovations that are guided by smallholder farmers, adapted to local circumstances, and sustainable for the economy and environment will be necessary to ensure food security in the future.
Once a wise individual said, I'm in the mood for another Moonstruck experience, for another romantic comedy.
Once a wise individual said, It's very strange that most people don't care if their knowledge of their family history only goes back three generations.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think consensus-building politics is what I'm meant to be doing.
Once a wise individual said, Me and my friend Ioan Gruffudd are like chalk and cheese when it comes to clothes. He lives for his clothes and has an amazing wardrobe. If we're going out I'll turn up at his house and say, 'I haven't got anything to wear,' and he'll tut and sigh and then lend me something swanky.
Once a wise individual said, The presentations and conceptions of the average man of the world are formed and dominated, not by the full and pure desire for knowledge as an end in itself, but by the struggle to adapt himself favourably to the conditions of life.
Once a wise individual said, I just want to keep doing what I'm doing and hopefully people will watch my movies.
Once a wise individual said, A great city is that which has the greatest men and women.
Once a wise individual said, If your life changes, we can change the world, too.
Once a wise individual said, There is no excellent beauty that hath not some strangeness in the proportion.
Once a wise individual said, It is so often true that whether a person carries with him an atmosphere of gloom and depression or one of confidence and courage depends on his individual outlook.
Once a wise individual said, Your God is ever beside you - indeed, He is even within you.
Once a wise individual said, Red Letter Christians believe in the doctrines of the Apostle's Creed, are convinced that the Scriptures have been inspired by the Holy Spirit, and make having a personal transforming relationship with the resurrected Christ the touchtone of their faith.
Once a wise individual said, I take a lot from everywhere. I take from music, architecture, novels, and plays. Anywhere that hits you.
Once a wise individual said, There would be nights when I would wake up and couldn't get back to sleep. So I would go downstairs and write. The staff had a pool going on how many pages of typing I would bring in here in the morning.
Once a wise individual said, I did commit to myself that I would not jump back into being the workaholic that I can be before I gave myself an honest opportunity to create the marriage of my dreams and to create the beginning of the family of my dreams, and that took a hot second.
Once a wise individual said, At a time of such hope and optimism in the Middle East, we cannot let the Libyan government violate every principle of international law and human rights with impunity.
Once a wise individual said, We intend to keep the lines of communication open with the Defense Department so we can help our border law enforcement agencies navigate the equipment application process.
Once a wise individual said, The artist alone sees spirits. But after he has told of their appearing to him, everybody sees them.
Once a wise individual said, Patriotism. Combustible rubbish ready to the torch of any one ambitious to illuminate his name.
Once a wise individual said, If forgers and malefactors are put to death by the secular power, there is much more reason for excommunicating and even putting to death one convicted of heresy.
Once a wise individual said, I don't have perfect teeth, I'm not stick thin. I want to be the person who feels great in her body and can say that she loves it and doesn't want to change anything.
Once a wise individual said, President Obama chose politics over leadership. 'Hope' and 'Change' have become bait-and-switch.
Once a wise individual said, The problem with having a sense of humor is often that people you use it on aren't in a very good mood.
Once a wise individual said, To us Americans much has been given of us much is required. With all our faults and mistakes, it is our strength in support of the freedom our forefathers loved which has saved mankind from subjection to totalitarian power.
Once a wise individual said, If we have a great idea, we'll go, 'Oh, this could be a cool movie.' Or really for us, it's more like, 'Oh, this is a really bad idea. Let's do this. This seems really stupid.'
Once a wise individual said, I would suggest that teachers show their students concrete examples of the negative effects of the actions that gangsta rappers glorify.
Once a wise individual said, Having money is rather like being a blond. It is more fun but not vital.
Once a wise individual said, We use our parents like recurring dreams, to be entered into when needed.
Once a wise individual said, I fear the boredom that comes with not learning and not taking chances.
Once a wise individual said, To prefer evil to good is not in human nature and when a man is compelled to choose one of two evils, no one will choose the greater when he might have the less.
Once a wise individual said, Without my dad, I wouldn't be here.
Once a wise individual said, Law is always better than war.
Once a wise individual said, Don't think your dreams don't come true, because they do. You'd better be careful what you wish for. And I truly and honestly - one day I am doing the 'Beaver' show and I said, 'This is the show I have always wanted to do.'
Once a wise individual said, In any case, his judgment and set of values, acting alone or through his assistants, determine not only what is gold and what is dross but the design of the history which he creates out of the metal. The historian decides what is significant, and what is not.
Once a wise individual said, They put me on the shift where they thought I could do the least harm, midnight to eight in the morning. Although the hours were lousy, they were perfect for an apprentice reporter.
Once a wise individual said, Family involvement is a valuable thing and playing together actively can be the '90s version of it. Instead of just watching, you can do it together... something we don't spend enough time on. We can motivate and excite each other about fitness.
Once a wise individual said, Dreams are illusions, and we can't let go of them because we would be dead.
Once a wise individual said, Action and reaction, ebb and flow, trial and error, change - this is the rhythm of living. Out of our over-confidence, fear out of our fear, clearer vision, fresh hope. And out of hope, progress.
Once a wise individual said, Women hear rhythm differently than men.
Once a wise individual said, We've got a long career ahead of us and it's going to be great. Trust me.
Once a wise individual said, There is a pride, a self-love, in human minds that will seldom be kept so low as to make men and women humbler than they ought to be.
Once a wise individual said, All the suffering and joy we experience depend on conditions.
Once a wise individual said, Many intelligence reports in war are contradictory even more are false, and most are uncertain.
Once a wise individual said, I know some people say it's not the best to work with your family, but I have never understood that because it's always worked so well for me.
Once a wise individual said, I recently spent quite a bit of time in Sheffield, England, which is where I'm from. I wouldn't move back there, but it's funny when you spend a bit of time in the place where you were brought up. You kind of realize how that place has had quite a big effect on you or made you a certain way.
Once a wise individual said, There's a certain amount of freedom involved in cycling: you're self-propelled and decide exactly where to go. If you see something that catches your eye to the left, you can veer off there, which isn't so easy in a car, and you can't cover as much ground walking.
Once a wise individual said, Democracy is stronger than terrorism, and we will not cower to the terrorists' campaign of fear.
Once a wise individual said, Robert Kennedy was such an inspiring figure. His interest in politics seemed to come not from a desire for power, but from a need to help our society live up to its ideals.
Once a wise individual said, One of the peculiar sins of the twentieth century which we've developed to a very high level is the sin of credulity. It has been said that when human beings stop believing in God they believe in nothing. The truth is much worse: they believe in anything.
Once a wise individual said, To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.
Once a wise individual said, You have to first be a writer and somebody who loves to write. If I couldn't travel, I would still write.
Once a wise individual said, The real sadness of fifty is not that you change so much but that you change so little.
Once a wise individual said, Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
Once a wise individual said, Whether it's viewers of the show or readers of my columns and books, I'm consistently impressed with their wit, humor and insight. That goes for about 95 percent of the audience. The other five percent are why the 'Delete' option and restraining orders were invented.
Once a wise individual said, Reading a hard copy book, and reading a book on an iPad are slightly different experiences. What they both have in common though is that you must engage your imagination in the process.
Once a wise individual said, I think in most jobs, you get better as you get older. You gain experience, you gain knowledge.
Once a wise individual said, A lyric, it is true, is the expression of personal emotion, but then so is all poetry, and to suppose that there are several kinds of poetry, differing from each other in essence, is to be deceived by wholly artificial divisions which have no real being.
Once a wise individual said, I really think we should pass a law in every state, I don't care whether it takes the independence away from an old person or not. You shouldn't be driving a car if you're over the age of 80. Maybe even less than that.
Once a wise individual said, We'll sort of get over the marriage first and then maybe look at the kids. But obviously we want a family so we'll have to start thinking about that.
Once a wise individual said, Martin Luther King, Jr. Day is a time to honor the greatest champion of racial equality who taught a nation - through compassion and courage - about democracy, nonviolence and racial justice.
Once a wise individual said, A government, for protecting business only, is but a carcass, and soon falls by its own corruption and decay.
Once a wise individual said, It has been a privilege to pursue knowledge for its own sake and to see how it might help mankind in more practical ways.
Once a wise individual said, Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are often stiffened.
Once a wise individual said, Faith is the strength by which a shattered world shall emerge into the light.
Once a wise individual said, Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.
Once a wise individual said, Virginia is the absolute leader in homeland security and defense and information technology.
Once a wise individual said, Religion is part of the human make-up. It's also part of our cultural and intellectual history. Religion was our first attempt at literature, the texts, our first attempt at cosmology, making sense of where we are in the universe, our first attempt at health care, believing in faith healing, our first attempt at philosophy.
Once a wise individual said, Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day.
Once a wise individual said, A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both.
Once a wise individual said, I am kind of a private person, so I don't miss that part of show business at all. Looking back on my career in television and making a movie like 'The Sound of Music' from an adult point of view, it actually seems kind of unreal. I was involved in shows that people grew up with - that hold memories for them - and it's a cool feeling.
Once a wise individual said, If you travel to the States... they have a lot of different words than like what we use. For instance: they say 'elevator', we say 'lift' they say 'drapes', we say 'curtains' they say 'president', we say 'seriously deranged git.'
Once a wise individual said, Some people see things that are and ask, Why? Some people dream of things that never were and ask, Why not? Some people have to go to work and don't have time for all that.
Once a wise individual said, First, take the government of the Indians out of politics second, let the laws of the Indians be the same as those of the whites third, give the Indian the ballot.
Once a wise individual said, He hits the ball a long way and he knows how to win.
Once a wise individual said, Heroism on command, senseless violence, and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism - how passionately I hate them!
Once a wise individual said, Everything happens for a reason. I'm used to it, I prepare for it. Like I say, at the end of the day, those in charge of their own destiny are going to do what's right for them and their family.
Once a wise individual said, Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the definition of a marriage as between one man and one woman.
Once a wise individual said, That's why for Zakk Wylde's Black Label Society the colors are black and white. There are no gray issues. Life is black and it's white. There's no in-between.
Once a wise individual said, We're in a giant car heading towards a brick wall and everyone's arguing over where they're going to sit.
Once a wise individual said, I've had a lot of experience in independent film, and about how to choose. You've got to be very discerning about where you put your five bucks, and where you cut and what you don't cut.
Once a wise individual said, I sent American troops to Iraq to make its people free, not to make them American. Iraqis will write their own history and find their own way.
Once a wise individual said, The dreamer can know no truth, not even about his dream, except by awaking out of it.
Once a wise individual said, If we do not get No Child Left Behind right for Limited English Proficient students, the law will be a failure for most schools in the 15th Congressional District, and for many across the nation.
Once a wise individual said, Everything about my politics has been about the future.
Once a wise individual said, Music is moonlight in the gloomy night of life.
Once a wise individual said, I have a great deal of company in the house, especially in the morning when nobody calls.
Once a wise individual said, Hobbies of any kind are boring except to people who have the same hobby. This is also true of religion, although you will not find me saying so in print.
Once a wise individual said, Rogue internet pharmacies continue to pose a serious threat to the health and safety of Americans. Simply put, a few unethical physicians and pharmacists have become drug suppliers to a nation.
Once a wise individual said, The cliche is dead poetry.
Once a wise individual said, Jazz is the big brother of the blues. If a guy's playing blues like we play, he's in high school. When he starts playing jazz it's like going on to college, to a school of higher learning.
Once a wise individual said, Nobody had ever told me junk food was bad for me. Four years of medical school, and four years of internship and residency, and I never thought anything was wrong with eating sweet rolls and doughnuts, and potatoes, and bread, and sweets.
Once a wise individual said, Bluegrass has brought more people together and made more friends than any music in the world. You meet people at festivals and renew acquaintances year after year.
Once a wise individual said, Character is the ability to carry out a good resolution long after the excitement of the moment has passed.
Once a wise individual said, As much as we all talk about the future and how so many things are merging, there is a simplicity that is crucial.
Once a wise individual said, I finally faced the fact that it isn't a crime not having friends. Being alone means you have fewer problems.
Once a wise individual said, I've always written. When I was in school, the only teacher who ever liked me was my creative writing teacher. I used to enter poetry competitions, and I don't think I ever lost one. So I had the idea for a while of being some kind of poet.
Once a wise individual said, The way to preserve the peace of the church is to preserve its purity.
Once a wise individual said, I travel all the time, and I have two small children.
Once a wise individual said, I have to keep up with the scientific literature as part of my job, but increasingly I found myself reading things that weren't really relevant to my academic work, but were relevant to gardening.
Once a wise individual said, Second, there are two problems with respect to mobile homes in particular. One is we obviously don't want to put them in a flood plain, because if there's another flood, you're going to lose the mobile home.
Once a wise individual said, I hate how box-office failures are blamed on an actress, yet I don't see a box-office failure blamed on men.
Once a wise individual said, What's right about America is that although we have a mess of problems, we have great capacity - intellect and resources - to do some thing about them.
Once a wise individual said, Money is not a motivating factor. Money doesn't thrill me or make me play better because there are benefits to being wealthy. I'm just happy with a ball at my feet. My motivation comes from playing the game I love. If I wasn't paid to be a professional footballer I would willingly play for nothing.
Once a wise individual said, One act of obedience is better than one hundred sermons.
Once a wise individual said, It's obvious, but perhaps worth saying, that happiness has virtually nothing to do with the state of your intellect.
Once a wise individual said, But nobody is listening to those points. They are just listening to the gossip which is saying that I knew I was positive for all these years because I had a faked test a few years ago.
Once a wise individual said, People in government and public life are being kicked around at a high rate of speed.
Once a wise individual said, By the work one knows the workman.
Once a wise individual said, It's no good being nice and young and naive. There's no good in that at all. You've got to do it all yourself, and you've gotta learn quick. And you can't look for sympathy either.
Once a wise individual said, When you start falling for somebody and you can't stop thinking about when you're going to see them again, I love that. Women are beautiful. They deserve to be cherished and respected.
Once a wise individual said, Only by joy and sorrow does a person know anything about themselves and their destiny. They learn what to do and what to avoid.
Once a wise individual said, Once the fabric of a just society is undone, it takes generations to weave it back together.
Once a wise individual said, Hope lies in dreams, in imagination, and in the courage of those who dare to make dreams into reality.
Once a wise individual said, Trust is not the same as faith. A friend is someone you trust. Putting faith in anyone is a mistake.
Once a wise individual said, A government is invigorated when each of us is willing to participate in shaping the future of this nation.
Once a wise individual said, Look, we know we screwed up when we were in the majority. We fell in love with power. We spent way too much money - especially on earmarks. There was too much corruption when we ran this place. We were guilty. And that's why we lost.
Once a wise individual said, My philosophy is that the most important aspect of any religion should be human kindness. And to try to ease the suffering of others. To try to bring light and love into the lives of mankind.
Once a wise individual said, Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts.
Once a wise individual said, When you rise in the morning, give thanks for the light, for your life, for your strength. Give thanks for your food and for the joy of living. If you see no reason to give thanks, the fault lies in yourself.
Once a wise individual said, Even as a kid, I never liked breakfast. I just don't like to eat then. I like to get up and work. I think sticking a whole bunch of carbohydrates in your stomach in the morning is probably the worst way to begin the day.
Once a wise individual said, A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.
Once a wise individual said, It's not an act. I love it. It's totally original. People go, 'What's going on with this guy? Why does he sound so weird? What is going on in his brain. I don't know. Just one day I suddenly woke up with a new brain.
Once a wise individual said, A man's friendships are one of the best measures of his worth.
Once a wise individual said, Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life.
Once a wise individual said, Life's a fight. It's a good fight of faith.
Once a wise individual said, I think the importance of doing activist work is precisely because it allows you to give back and to consider yourself not as a single individual who may have achieved whatever but to be a part of an ongoing historical movement.
Once a wise individual said, I always thought it would be really cool to be playing the drums in the show and then have your astral body or whatever travel all through the audience and dig whatever it's like out there.
Once a wise individual said, No partner in a love relationship... should feel that he has to give up an essential part of himself to make it viable.
Once a wise individual said, The fear for a network is the viewer gets tired of you. Not that you lost any credibility, but they get tired of you.
Once a wise individual said, The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be.
Once a wise individual said, I hated the idea of a high school sweetheart. Growing up, oh my God, it just made me sick. I wanted to have a range of cool boyfriends. I wanted to travel around and date these interesting men. Then it just happened. You fall in love.
Once a wise individual said, Men are by nature merely indifferent to one another but women are by nature enemies.
Once a wise individual said, Try to put your happiness before anyone else's, because you may never have done so in your entire life, if you really think about it, if you are really honest with yourself.
Once a wise individual said, Defy your own group. Rebel against yourself.
Once a wise individual said, Clearly older women and especially older women who have led an active life or elder women who successfully maneuver through their own family life have so much to teach us about sharing, patience, and wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, The sexual embrace can only be compared with music and with prayer.
Once a wise individual said, Human memory is a marvelous but fallacious instrument. The memories which lie within us are not carved in stone not only do they tend to become erased as the years go by, but often they change, or even increase by incorporating extraneous features.
Once a wise individual said, I'd done table reads for my own screenplays, and I always thought they were so much fun. Why couldn't we do these for other classic screenplays and bring them to life? You can experience live theater, where you get to see plays produced by different directors and different casts, but there's really nothing like that for movie scripts.
Once a wise individual said, You want to do your job well so that people in the future say, 'OK, he's not bad, let's hire him.'
Once a wise individual said, My biggest role as director on the film is keeping a sense of the overview - how to cast the movie and shoot it in such a way that it will cut together. And how to design the style and tone.
Once a wise individual said, Wisdom has its root in goodness, not goodness its root in wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, Most women's pictures are as boring and as formulaic as men's pictures. In place of a car chase or a battle scene, what you get is an extreme closeup of a woman breaking down.
Once a wise individual said, I was into all kinds of music as a teen - country music, because my dad was in a band that played country, and whatever my sister and brother were into.
Once a wise individual said, I am dumb when it comes to learning dance steps.
Once a wise individual said, Life can't defeat a writer who is in love with writing, for life itself is a writer's lover until death.
Once a wise individual said, The thing about stand-up was, I was doing all this sketch and YouTube stuff where I was not being censored and I got to do my own thing, and it was really cool.
Once a wise individual said, A good education is another name for happiness.
Once a wise individual said, The more control you have over your life, the more responsible you feel for your own success - or failure.
Once a wise individual said, Human beings should be held accountable. Leave God alone. He has enough problems.
Once a wise individual said, The guy who knows about computers is the last person you want to have creating documentation for people who don't understand computers.
Once a wise individual said, I've had an exciting time I married for love and got a little money along with it.
Once a wise individual said, Google is a global Rorschach test. We see in it what we want to see. Google has built an infrastructure that makes a lot of dreams closer to reality.
Once a wise individual said, I must govern the clock, not be governed by it.
Once a wise individual said, Nature has given women so much power that the law has very wisely given them little.
Once a wise individual said, If we become too scared to confront the chief problems of our time, there is no hope of ever solving them.
Once a wise individual said, I know that I've got big ears and a big forehead and that my hair sticks up. But I'm happy with myself. I'm not necessarily trying to win a beauty pageant here.
Once a wise individual said, I hate it when people call me a teen queen.
Once a wise individual said, Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul.
Once a wise individual said, You can't move so fast that you try to change the mores faster than people can accept it. That doesn't mean you do nothing, but it means that you do the things that need to be done according to priority.
Once a wise individual said, I never thought I'd make the pages of 'Sports Illustrated,' because I've always been skinny.
Once a wise individual said, Jon Stewart hires people that he thinks are funny. That's it. That's the only requirement.
Once a wise individual said, Every man gotta right to decide his own destiny.
Once a wise individual said, Most of us start out with a positive attitude and a plan to do our best.
Once a wise individual said, We do not look in our great cities for our best morality.
Once a wise individual said, Modern Orthodoxy has a highly positive attitude toward the State of Israel. Our Ultra-Orthodox brethren recognize only the Holy Land, but not the state.
Once a wise individual said, Existentialism is about being a saint without God being your own hero, without all the sanction and support of religion or society.
Once a wise individual said, But it's important, while we are supporting lessons in respecting others, to remember that many of our youngest kids need to learn to respect themselves. You learn your worth from the way you are treated.
Once a wise individual said, Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible.
Once a wise individual said, And trust, yes, which is important, but that is what I aim towards. Now that is difficult for some people, and with that desire to get things as good as possible, I would say that I'm probably regarded as quite prickly to work with.
Once a wise individual said, Since the day he came into office, President Bush has worked to gut more than 34 years of hard work by weakening many of our Nation's standing environmental laws, some of which were signed into law by his father.
Once a wise individual said, Inspiration is one thing and you can't control it, but hard work is what keeps the ship moving. Good luck means, work hard. Keep up the good work.
Once a wise individual said, That is why if Lebanon concludes a peace agreement with Israel and brings that accord to the Parliament our deputies will reject it Hezbollah refuses any conciliation with Israel in principle.
Once a wise individual said, There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child.
Once a wise individual said, I want to write a book which is the history of comedy.
Once a wise individual said, The thing about Hemingway that people forget is that all the stuff he did was at a time where people weren't traveling that much. At 19 he travels to Italy. He goes to the Spanish Civil War. He goes to China, he goes to Africa so at that time to travel that much is really incredible.
Once a wise individual said, Mmmm... the comedy that matters is the comedy you pull out of thin air. It's a bit like when something funny has happened and you try to explain it to someone else and end up saying, 'You had to be there.'
Once a wise individual said, When I moved to New York, I fell head over heels back into country music and probably 'cause I missed something about Texas.
Once a wise individual said, No one who has lived even for a fleeting moment for something other than life in its conventional sense and has experienced the exaltation that this feeling produces can then renounce his new freedom so easily.
Once a wise individual said, Slang is a language that rolls up its sleeves, spits on its hands and goes to work.
Once a wise individual said, The educator must believe in the potential power of his pupil, and he must employ all his art in seeking to bring his pupil to experience this power.
Once a wise individual said, I'm possibly a very morbid person but I think about death a lot.
Once a wise individual said, For those who live neither with religious consolations about death nor with a sense of death (or of anything else) as natural, death is the obscene mystery, the ultimate affront, the thing that cannot be controlled. It can only be denied.
Once a wise individual said, Gossip is easy, politics is hard.
Once a wise individual said, I wake up every morning happy for where I am in life. It's not all about the cooking, but the fact that I can contribute by using my influence to help people all over the country. In the last two years, my partners and I have fed more than 10 million hungry people by bringing meat to food banks.
Once a wise individual said, A simple compliment goes a really long way - for a guy to just come over and say, 'You have great hair' or 'I really like your dress,' and then just smile and walk away. That's a great move, because he's sort of putting himself out there by doing that, but it won't lead to any embarrassment if the girl isn't interested.
Once a wise individual said, Pleasure only starts once the worm has got into the fruit, to become delightful happiness must be tainted with poison.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not an Adonis, that's for damn sure. I've never really thought of myself that way, and it doesn't matter to me. My favorite actors aren't Adonises. Dustin Hoffman is a flawed-looking man he's amazing to me. Tom Hanks is flawed-looking people love him. Same with Gene Hackman.
Once a wise individual said, I come from a profession which has suffered greatly because of the lack of civility. Lawyers treat each other poorly and it has come home to haunt them. The public will not tolerate a lack of civility.
Once a wise individual said, Has Bill Clinton inspired idealism in the young, as he himself was inspired by John F. Kennedy? Or has he actually reduced their idealism? Surely part of the answer lies in Clinton's personal moral lapse with Monica Lewinsky. But more important was his sin of omission - his failure to embrace a moral cause beyond popularity.
Once a wise individual said, Insanity runs in my family. It practically gallops.
Once a wise individual said, The Jews' greatest contribution to history is dissatisfaction! We're a nation born to be discontented. Whatever exists we believe can be changed for the better.
Once a wise individual said, Death is someone you see very clearly with eyes in the center of your heart: eyes that see not by reacting to light, but by reacting to a kind of a chill from within the marrow of your own life.
Once a wise individual said, Wine comes in at the mouth And love comes in at the eye That's all we shall know for truth Before we grow old and die.
Once a wise individual said, I don't need anyone to rectify my existence. The most profound relationship we will ever have is the one with ourselves.
Once a wise individual said, The days you work are the best days.
Once a wise individual said, The main reason for the failure of the modern medical science is that it is dealing with results and not causes. Nothing more than the patching up of those attacked and the burying of those who are slain, without a thought being given to the real strong hold.
Once a wise individual said, Your car should drive itself. It's amazing to me that we let humans drive cars... It's a bug that cars were invented before computers.
Once a wise individual said, Vain hopes are like certain dreams of those who wake.
Once a wise individual said, In 1977 we played America and Europe three times, and Japan - my marriage suffered as a result. My then wife took the kids to Canada to be near her parents.
Once a wise individual said, The slave may be happy, but happiness is not enough.
Once a wise individual said, A wise and frugal Government, which shall restrain men from injuring one another, which shall leave them otherwise free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement, and shall not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned. This is the sum of good government, and this is necessary to close the circlue of our felicities.
Once a wise individual said, Similarly, thought is a system. That system not only includes thought and feelings, but it includes the state of the body it includes the whole of society - as thought is passing back and forth between people in a process by which thought evolved from ancient times.
Once a wise individual said, I believe that the will of the people is resolved by a strong leadership. Even in a democratic society, events depend on a strong leadership with a strong power of persuasion, and not on the opinion of the masses.
Once a wise individual said, Who can I trust? You have to invest in somebody and chances are you're probably going to invest in somebody who's going to deceive you. I've been conned a couple of times, but now I'm a little more savvy.
Once a wise individual said, We can only move to a long-term resolution regarding terrorism and war by planting seeds of peace. We have to start with ourselves.
Once a wise individual said, The second album was emotionally exhausting and my life felt like it had become very serious at a very young age.
Once a wise individual said, I think cinema, movies, and magic have always been closely associated. The very earliest people who made film were magicians.
Once a wise individual said, You can get rich or famous by doing the same thing.
Once a wise individual said, The Republican argument that raising the debt ceiling encourages additional future spending is logically irresponsible. The debt ceiling has to be raised to authorize spending already approved by Congress. Despite that fallacy, the GOP has been able to score political points with its argument.
Once a wise individual said, You think that religion is a thing that is there to help you and to see you through life, and then you wake up one morning and find the entire Irish situation, the civil war that's based on religion.
Once a wise individual said, When you look at golf films before us they're all - garbage or satire. A lot of sports films tend to vilify the opposition. Where the opposition becomes this big angry monster, so big you can't beat him.
Once a wise individual said, This is a historic moment in global public health, demonstrating the international will to tackle a threat to health head on.
Once a wise individual said, The March on Washington affirmed our values as a people: equality and opportunity for all. Forty-one years ago, during a time of segregation, these were an ideal.
Once a wise individual said, Creativity is the ability to introduce order into the randomness of nature.
Once a wise individual said, I don't know nothing about no marriages or nothing. I ain't even never been to a wedding.
Once a wise individual said, The sense of humor has other things to do than to make itself conspicuous in the act of laughter.
Once a wise individual said, I am not interested in power for power's sake, but I'm interested in power that is moral, that is right and that is good.
Once a wise individual said, When I was in Philadelphia during the Depression in 1930 or '31, I got a very sad job as a night watchman in a garage. The cars in the garage had been abandoned by their owners, since they had lost their jobs and couldn't keep up the payments.
Once a wise individual said, I think the Democrats are catering to them, but, you know, in the entire history of the United States of America, there has never been a judge who has been refused a vote when there was a majority of Senators willing to vote for his confirmation, never in history.
Once a wise individual said, The greater the step forward in knowledge, the greater is the one taken backward in search of wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, Unlike some of the time-travel movies I love, like 'Primer' or '12 Monkeys,' 'Looper' is not about time travel. It's about this situation that time travel creates and the people dealing with that situation. So narratively, the big challenge was to have time travel get out of the way.
Once a wise individual said, For the poison of hatred seated near the heart doubles the burden for the one who suffers the disease he is burdened with his own sorrow, and groans on seeing another's happiness.
Once a wise individual said, My art teacher in junior high was a very out gay man and a mentor to me. He would tell us about Greenwich Village and show us the 'Village Voice' and describe his life, but it was all sort of subversive and below the radar.
Once a wise individual said, With one man, there was a freedom and liberation. That was with Michael Hutchence, my partner in life.
Once a wise individual said, Jealousy is the fear of comparison.
Once a wise individual said, It is just called Continuing Legal Education. You can go to lectures, you can even listen to tapes on airplanes - they want you to stay current. So you do have to stay current to maintain your license even if you are not practicing.
Once a wise individual said, Every failure is a step to success.
Once a wise individual said, I admit it: I had fun watching right-wingers go wild as health reform finally became law.
Once a wise individual said, Age should not have its face lifted, but it should rather teach the world to admire wrinkles as the etchings of experience and the firm line of character.
Once a wise individual said, To be perfectly honest, I think that as I'm growing older, I'm just growing more impatient. I'll be very happy if at some point people say, 'Michael's grown wiser and softer in his old age.' But we'll have to wait and see what my next project is.
Once a wise individual said, If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever.
Once a wise individual said, It's easy to see why pitchers respect McGwire. If you hit behind him, they're saying that they don't respect you. You have to change their thinking.
Once a wise individual said, But really, we also need to learn how to love one another as women. How to appreciate and respect each other.
Once a wise individual said, I'm lucky that my real-life Mom has both a great sense of humor about herself and an amazing ability to slip into complete denial if the subject matter gets a little too close to home.
Once a wise individual said, When I was growing up, we used to play basketball in a park that was never shoveled when it snowed. The basketball rims were never fixed. And we understood then that there was a relationship between public policy and our quality of life.
Once a wise individual said, None who have always been free can understand the terrible fascinating power of the hope of freedom to those who are not free.
Once a wise individual said, A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
Once a wise individual said, It's a delight to trust somebody so completely.
Once a wise individual said, President Obama's view of a free economy is to send your money to his friends. My vision for a free enterprise economy is to return entrepreneurship and genius and creativity to the American people!
Once a wise individual said, I think the best thing I can do is to be a distraction. A husband lives and breathes his work all day long. If he comes home to more table thumping, how can the poor man ever relax?
Once a wise individual said, Some of the best health care services are free or cost very little and are even available to millionaires but hardly anyone knows they exist.
Once a wise individual said, Golf is so popular simply because it is the best game in the world at which to be bad.
Once a wise individual said, Music can change the world because it can change people.
Once a wise individual said, It's a positive thing to talk about terrible things and make people laugh about them.
Once a wise individual said, I'm one of those people that thinks the Internet is amazing, and I can't believe it exists.
Once a wise individual said, Nothing can happen more beautiful than death.
Once a wise individual said, When you're shooting a film, you really don't get to be a dad, and you don't really get to be a husband. You don't really exist at all. But I do drag my family with me on location whenever I can.
Once a wise individual said, Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge.
Once a wise individual said, Know the names of past and current artists who are most famous for playing their instruments.
Once a wise individual said, Of the 55 refineries closed in America in the last 10 years, they were all closed for economic reasons, mostly oil company mergers. Not a single one was closed for environmental purposes or objections.
Once a wise individual said, Some go on to trade schools or get further training for jobs they are interested in. Some go into the arts, some are craftsmen, some take a little time out to travel, and some start their own businesses. But our graduates find and work at what they want to do.
Once a wise individual said, I've always wanted to be the best in the world as a baseball player, so when I started to think about opening a business, it was with that mindset.
Once a wise individual said, The beginning of a friendship, the fact that two people out of the thousands around them can meet and connect and become friends, seems like a kind of magic to me. But maintaining a friendship requires work. I don't mean that as a bad thing. Good art requires work as well.
Once a wise individual said, If one were to bring ten of the wisest men in the world together and ask them what was the most stupid thing in existence, they would not be able to discover anything so stupid as astrology.
Once a wise individual said, I am very proud of this work because it is more about the meaning of the Easter Rising and its relationship to what this whole century has been about, people liberating themselves, freeing themselves.
Once a wise individual said, I am a sportsman and not a politician. I am a sportsman and will always remain one. I am not going to enter politics giving up cricket, which is my life. I will continue to play cricket.
Once a wise individual said, Things that I felt absolutely sure of but a few years ago, I do not believe now. This thought makes me see more clearly how foolish it would be to expect all men to agree with me.
Once a wise individual said, The wisdom of crowds works when the crowd is choosing the price of an ox, when there's a single numeric average. But if it's a design or something that matters, the decision is made by committee, and that's crap. You want people and groups who are able to think thoughts before they share.
Once a wise individual said, I had cars, houses, jewels, furs, and a husband who loved me, and a career I was happy with. But I found fulfillment in my relationship with Christ.
Once a wise individual said, Difference of religion breeds more quarrels than difference of politics.
Once a wise individual said, Older women are like aging strudels - the crust may not be so lovely, but the filling has come at last into its own.
Once a wise individual said, I just sing the stuff that makes me smile, makes me feel like I didn't sell myself out.
Once a wise individual said, The best activities for your health are pumping and humping.
Once a wise individual said, Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens.
Once a wise individual said, Here comes 40. I'm feeling my age and I've ordered the Ferrari. I'm going to get the whole mid-life crisis package.
Once a wise individual said, Married love between man and woman is bigger than oaths guarded by right of nature.
Once a wise individual said, It ain't often that a man's reputation outlasts his money.
Once a wise individual said, Some people never contribute anything positive to society, they may even drain our resources, but most of us try to do something better, to give back.
Once a wise individual said, The great leaders have always stage-managed their effects.
Once a wise individual said, God does not require you to follow His leadings on blind trust. Behold the evidence of an invisible intelligence pervading everything, even your own mind and body.
Once a wise individual said, Over the past 20 years, I have noticed that the most flexible, dynamic, inquisitive minds among my students have been industrial design majors. Industrial designers are bracingly free of ideology and cant. The industrial designer is trained to be a clear-eyed observer of the commercial world - which, like it or not, is modern reality.
Once a wise individual said, So, when it comes to eating healthy, it's just doing the right thing. And it's not something you have to do 365 days a year, but I think it's something you have to do 25 days a month. Let's put it that way.
Once a wise individual said, That neither our thoughts, nor passions, nor ideas formed by the imagination, exist without the mind, is what every body will allow.
Once a wise individual said, My style icons would be people like Brigitte Bardot and old Hollywood actresses who always look so stunning, cool and chic. I like classic and timeless looks.
Once a wise individual said, An audience is always warming but it must never be necessary to your work.
Once a wise individual said, From dear, dear Gloria Swanson, I learned how to live long, happy and free of health problems. I owe her my life.
Once a wise individual said, There's intense national feeling in America that could be called patriotism.
Once a wise individual said, And out of darkness came the hands that reach thro' nature, moulding men.
Once a wise individual said, I guess you could say I've been in my share of violent movies.
Once a wise individual said, The only way of living in a free society is to feel that you have the right to say and do stuff.
Once a wise individual said, I like American women. They do things sexually Russian girls never dream of doing - like showering.
Once a wise individual said, Civilized countries generally adopt gold or silver or both as money.
Once a wise individual said, I think everything Joni Mitchell did for music was big.
Once a wise individual said, For my birthday this year, my girlfriends - who knew I'd just inherited my dad's turntable - gave me a carton of albums like 'Blue Kentucky Girl,' by Emmylou Harris, and 'Off the Wall,' by Michael Jackson. It's all stuff we grew up with. I mean, you can't have a music collection without Prince's 'Purple Rain' - it just can't be done!
Once a wise individual said, The way I look at it, everything is a trade. You acquire some money, so then you've got no financial burdens, but everyone wants your money and so who can you trust? Or you've got no money and you can trust anyone, but then you've got the worry to pay bills. Which is worse?
Once a wise individual said, Just about this time, when in imagination I was so great a warrior, I had good use in real life for more strength, as I was no longer taken to school by the nurse, but instead had myself to protect my brother, two years my junior.
Once a wise individual said, By the time I was 30, nobody would work with me. I was friendless, I was hopeless, I was suicidal, lost my family - I mean, it was bad. Bottomed out, didn't know what I was going to do. I actually thought I was going to be a chef - go to work in a kitchen someplace.
Once a wise individual said, I mean, you have a general tone of it but it's pretty much you get to come in and you're going to flip this car and it's going to blow up and you're going to come out on fire and you go oh, that's cool, and then you get paid a lot of money.
Once a wise individual said, The fact that food plays such an important part in my films has everything to do with my family.
Once a wise individual said, There is a real patriotism underneath the best of my music but it is a critical, questioning and often angry patriotism.
Once a wise individual said, I have always been aware that you have to get people listening before you can change their minds. Any artist's big fear is being ignored, so if you get debate, that's great.
Once a wise individual said, It disturbs me no more to find men base, unjust, or selfish than to see apes mischievous, wolves savage, or the vulture ravenous.
Once a wise individual said, I am blessed to have so many great things in my life - family, friends and God. All will be in my thoughts daily.
Once a wise individual said, I have a lot of younger fans, obviously the choices I make often influence them. But having said that, it's kind of the best motivation in the world to stay positive and make good choices.
Once a wise individual said, The nineteenth century believed in science but the twentieth century does not.
Once a wise individual said, When I won in 2003, never in my wildest dreams did I ever think I would win Wimbledon and have my kids seeing me lift the trophy, so this is pretty surreal. And yeah, I was almost shocked in the moment that it all came together so nicely.
Once a wise individual said, 'Charm' - which means the power to effect work without employing brute force - is indispensable to women. Charm is a woman's strength just as strength is a man's charm.
Once a wise individual said, Yes, we're still five little people with a noisy attitude.
Once a wise individual said, My father probably thought the capital of the world was wherever he was at the time. It couldn't possibly be anyplace else. Where he and his wife were in their own home, that, for them, was the capital of the world.
Once a wise individual said, The battle of life is, in most cases, fought uphill and to win it without a struggle were perhaps to win it without honor. If there were no difficulties there would be no success if there were nothing to struggle for, there would be nothing to be achieved.
Once a wise individual said, When I'm shooting a movie, I'm always in an invisible theater seat. I respect the fact that people have worked hard all week and want to go to the movies on the weekend and be entertained.
Once a wise individual said, Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters.
Once a wise individual said, A woman must have money and a room of her own if she is to write fiction.
Once a wise individual said, I am an aristocrat. I love liberty I hate equality.
Once a wise individual said, My dad is a really honest, hardworking, straight guy.
Once a wise individual said, A little learning is a dangerous thing, but a lot of ignorance is just as bad.
Once a wise individual said, All those who offer an opinion on any doubtful point should first clear their minds of every sentiment of dislike, friendship, anger or pity.
Once a wise individual said, The movie industry is committed to working with the technology sector to find innovative new ways to deliver entertainment to consumers.
Once a wise individual said, It's time to let science and medicine, not politics and rhetoric, lead us to good, sound policy.
Once a wise individual said, The Border Ballads, for instance, and the Robin Hood Ballads, clearly suppose a state of society which is nothing but a very circumscribed and not very important heroic age.
Once a wise individual said, Religiosity turns out to be the best indicator of civic involvement: it's more accurate than education, age, income, gender or race.
Once a wise individual said, My first car was a 1976 Toyota Corolla Liftback in red, like the one in 'The Blues Brothers.' I painted a Union Jack on the roof. I was absolutely in love with it until I destroyed it, which broke my heart!
Once a wise individual said, For President Obama, 'home of the brave' are not just the last words of our national anthem, but also a call to action. This is why the president's policies and our platform include incentives to train and hire our troops returning home. Not only because of our moral responsibility, but because it makes for a stronger, more secure American economy.
Once a wise individual said, A nation' s strength ultimately consists in what it can do on its own, and not in what it can borrow from others.
Once a wise individual said, We've got to see a state where the Afghan government can handle its own day-to-day security.
Once a wise individual said, When you're thirsty and it seems that you could drink the entire ocean that's faith when you start to drink and finish only a glass or two that's science.
Once a wise individual said, I'm currently in an interesting correspondence with a nun about forgiveness.
Once a wise individual said, Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times.
Once a wise individual said, I got a gymnastics scholarship to college, fell in love with my true love of my whole life - who I'm married to now - and he was a virgin too. It was very romantic.
Once a wise individual said, We all keep dreaming, and luckily, dreams come true.
Once a wise individual said, New Year's Resolution: To tolerate fools more gladly, provided this does not encourage them to take up more of my time.
Once a wise individual said, A sense of humor... is needed armor. Joy in one's heart and some laughter on one's lips is a sign that the person down deep has a pretty good grasp of life.
Once a wise individual said, One of the most sincere forms of respect is actually listening to what another has to say.
Once a wise individual said, That's a big goal of mine, to try and grow as much of my own food as possible.
Once a wise individual said, The only person who is educated is the one who has learned how to learn and change.
Once a wise individual said, I never laugh or smile when I am writing. When I come home for lunch after writing all morning, my wife says I look like I just came home from a funeral. This is not bragging. This is an illness.
Once a wise individual said, Sympathy is the first condition of criticism.
Once a wise individual said, Give peace a chance.
Once a wise individual said, A Harvard Medical School study has determined that rectal thermometers are still the best way to tell a baby's temperature. Plus, it really teaches the baby who's boss.
Once a wise individual said, Who would know but ten years ago that kids would be texting each other all the time, that that would be one of their main forms of communication. And so many times, these kids know more about the technology than their parents. And so many times, we're putting kids in very adult situations and expecting them to behave like they're 40 years old.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not a terrible person, I know that, but sometimes in a relationship, I can be crappy.
Once a wise individual said, I prefer to think of myself as a musician who is still learning and trying to do something every time out.
Once a wise individual said, From paying off friends' tax bills to rescuing stray dogs and stuffing &pound20 notes into the hands of homeless people, I can't get rid of my money fast enough.
Once a wise individual said, In Israel, a land lacking in natural resources, we learned to appreciate our greatest national advantage: our minds. Through creativity and innovation, we transformed barren deserts into flourishing fields and pioneered new frontiers in science and technology.
Once a wise individual said, I love mirrors. They let one pass through the surface of things.
Once a wise individual said, The truth is in nature, and I shall prove it.
Once a wise individual said, God did not intend religion to be an exercise club.
Once a wise individual said, Our government declared that it is conducting some kind of great reforms. In reality, no real reforms were begun and no one at any point has declared a coherent programme.
Once a wise individual said, Awareness in our society has flipped all types of injustice on its head.
Once a wise individual said, I enjoy being happy every day, and hopefully you can hear my happiness in my music. Life is beautiful.
Once a wise individual said, But I will agree that I think that things happen with people in relationships, that you might have been able to enjoy Morocco, say, if you weren't getting out of a bad marriage. You know what I mean?
Once a wise individual said, The British were indeed very far superior to the Americans in every respect necessary to military operations, except the revivified courage and resolution, the result of sudden success after despair.
Once a wise individual said, Trusting your individual uniqueness challenges you to lay yourself open.
Once a wise individual said, When I said a few weeks ago that our people would eat cooking oil and olives if necessary, I didn't mean that there really would be only oil and olives. What I meant was that our people have the necessary patience to endure the current difficult situation. Palestinians would rather do without certain food items than their national rights.
Once a wise individual said, Everything you listen to when you are 17 should be embarrassing, otherwise you are way too cool.
Once a wise individual said, Know then thyself, presume not God to scan The proper study of mankind is man.
Once a wise individual said, I try to eat in a way that makes me feel good. If that means a little bite of chocolate I do that, but I try not to use food as a reward for myself.
Once a wise individual said, Morgan Freeman is so class. He's so cool. He's so scary.
Once a wise individual said, I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.
Once a wise individual said, To get away from one's working environment is, in a sense, to get away from one's self and this is often the chief advantage of travel and change.
Once a wise individual said, Politics, like theater, is one of those things where you've got to be wise enough to know when to leave.
Once a wise individual said, Despite all our gains in technology, product innovation and world markets, most people are not thriving in the organizations they work for.
Once a wise individual said, To maintain a joyful family requires much from both the parents and the children. Each member of the family has to become, in a special way, the servant of the others.
Once a wise individual said, No poems can please for long or live that are written by water drinkers.
Once a wise individual said, A State without the means of some change is without the means of its conservation.
Once a wise individual said, There is no winning or losing, but rather the value is in the experience of imagining yourself as a character in whatever genre you're involved in, whether it's a fantasy game, the Wild West, secret agenst or whatever else. You get to sort of vicariously experience those things.
Once a wise individual said, It's fantastic to strive towards a nice life where you eat nice organic food and your children go to a nice school and you can afford nice clothes and nice perfume and the hypoallergenic make-up. But there's never a day goes by, and I mean this from the bottom of my heart, that I don't think about where I'm from.
Once a wise individual said, We have what we seek, it is there all the time, and if we give it time, it will make itself known to us.
Once a wise individual said, We have a president who stole the presidency through family ties, arrogance and intimidation, employing Republican operatives to exercise the tactics of voter fraud by disenfranchising thousands of blacks, elderly Jews and other minorities.
Once a wise individual said, I had one fight in my adult life. I had the famous '89 fight with Nicole, which she admits that she initiated the physical part.
Once a wise individual said, The White House isn't the place to learn how to deal with international crisis, the balance of power, war and peace, and the economic future of the next generation.
Once a wise individual said, And so there is no God but has been in the loins of past gods.
Once a wise individual said, The ideal of all Kosovo is membership in the E.U. and a permanent friendship with the United States. I believe and I am convinced our dreams will come true.
Once a wise individual said, Dreams take you beyond what you think you can do in life.
Once a wise individual said, My dad was kind of a pool shark and had a Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin thing going on. I've always been fascinated by the fifties because of him. There was a hip, cool, anything-goes atmosphere back then, but looking good was still a priority.
Once a wise individual said, Communism is a hateful thing, and a menace to peace and organized government.
Once a wise individual said, Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.
Once a wise individual said, Our flag honors those who have fought to protect it, and is a reminder of the sacrifice of our nation's founders and heroes. As the ultimate icon of America's storied history, the Stars and Stripes represents the very best of this nation.
Once a wise individual said, I think everything worked out the way it was supposed to. Mark's happier. I'm sober. There are still phone calls to be made, people I need to say something to. But everyone from Creed who I've offended or hurt, I ask for their forgiveness.
Once a wise individual said, Some of you say religion makes people happy. So does laughing gas.
Once a wise individual said, It is not these well-fed long-haired men that I fear, but the pale and the hungry-looking.
Once a wise individual said, The final test of a gentleman is his respect for those who can be of no possible service to him.
Once a wise individual said, I think it's brought the world a lot closer together, and will continue to do that. There are downsides to everything there are unintended consequences to everything. The most corrosive piece of technology that I've ever seen is called television - but then, again, television, at its best, is magnificent.
Once a wise individual said, What's really sad is that a lot of very talented people are being forced to do things that are very embarrassing and I don't intend to be one of them.
Once a wise individual said, All men who have turned out worth anything have had the chief hand in their own education.
Once a wise individual said, Men create real miracles when they use their God-given courage and intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, Many are needed to plant and water what has been planted now that the faith has spread so far and there are so many people... No matter who plants or waters, God gives no harvest unless what is planted is the faith of Peter and unless he agrees to his teachings.
Once a wise individual said, If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable.
Once a wise individual said, Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires.
Once a wise individual said, My passion for ideas is not matched with a passion for partisan or electoral politics.
Once a wise individual said, Everyone dreams, but not everybody remembers their dreams because some people go into delta they go too low.
Once a wise individual said, Dreams say what they mean, but they don't say it in daytime language.
Once a wise individual said, I've got two old Volvos, two old Subarus, and an old Ford Ranger. If you've got an old car, you've gotta have at least several old cars, 'cause one's always gonna be in the garage.
Once a wise individual said, I'll never stop dreaming that one day we can be a real family, together, all of us laughing and talking, loving and understanding, not looking at the past but only to the future.
Once a wise individual said, However, I must not indulge in homespun wisdom here before so distinguished an assembly, especially as I am to be followed by a representative of science.
Once a wise individual said, If you think about a Thanksgiving dinner, it's really like making a large chicken.
Once a wise individual said, But the power of science lies in open publication, which, with the rise of the Internet, is no longer constrained by the price of paper.
Once a wise individual said, Leadership - leadership is about taking responsibility, not making excuses.
Once a wise individual said, God can be realized through all paths. All religions are true. The important thing is to reach the roof. You can reach it by stone stairs or by wooden stairs or by bamboo steps or by a rope. You can also climb up by a bamboo pole.
Once a wise individual said, Obscenity, which is ever blasphemy against the divine beauty in life, is a monster for which the corruption of society forever brings forth new food, which it devours in secret.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom in art, freedom in society, this is the double goal towards which all consistent and logical minds must strive.
Once a wise individual said, In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
Once a wise individual said, God blessed me with two unbelievable parents, and I am just like both of them. I have the smile and charisma of my mother and the big heart of my mom, because she wants to save the world and help the world, so I am just like her.
Once a wise individual said, But I absolutely believe that architecture is a social activity that has to do with some sort of communication or places of interaction, and that to change the environment is to change behaviour.
Once a wise individual said, Imagination allows us to escape the predictable. It enables us to reply to the common wisdom that we cannot soar by saying, 'Just watch!'
Once a wise individual said, I was married to someone who wanted me to change. Become more adult, more responsible. I began not to like myself, not like what I do. I lost my identity. Everything began collapsing around me.
Once a wise individual said, When the federal government spends more each year than it collects in tax revenues, it has three choices: It can raise taxes, print money, or borrow money. While these actions may benefit politicians, all three options are bad for average Americans.
Once a wise individual said, The Americans combine the notions of religion and liberty so intimately in their minds, that it is impossible to make them conceive of one without the other.
Once a wise individual said, We were old sinners - but when we came to Christ we are not sinners anymore.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not defined by where I came from. I never took part in the rules and hatred that sometimes go along with religion. But if my parents are happy with what they believe, then I'm happy to stay out of their way. We agree to disagree.
Once a wise individual said, Just in our lifetime our society has become looser and more private, it becomes extremely difficult to hold to any permanent commitment whatever, least of all to organized religion.
Once a wise individual said, Opportunity expands when there is excellence and choice in education, when taxes are lowered, when every citizen has affordable, portable health insurance and when constitutional freedoms are preserved.
Once a wise individual said, There's really no point in having children if you're not going to be home enough to father them.
Once a wise individual said, Women love us for our defects. If we have enough of them, they will forgive us everything, even our gigantic intellects.
Once a wise individual said, There is no lonelier man in death, except the suicide, than that man who has lived many years with a good wife and then outlived her. If two people love each other there can be no happy end to it.
Once a wise individual said, I shall never be ashamed of citing a bad author if the line is good.
Once a wise individual said, I work at home, in the country, and days will go by when, except for my husband and son and the occasional UPS man, the only sentient creatures that see me are my chickens and turkeys.
Once a wise individual said, Success is usually the culmination of controlling failure.
Once a wise individual said, One ever feels his twoness - an American, a Negro two souls, two thoughts, two unreconciled strivings two warring ideals in one dark body, whose dogged strength alone keeps it from being torn asunder.
Once a wise individual said, Homosexuality is against nature. Sexual expression is permitted only within marriage, between man and woman, male and female. Anything else is an abnormality and is against nature.
Once a wise individual said, The creative destruction that social media is currently unleashing will change more than technology or the leader board of the Fortune 100. It is driving a qualitative shift in the nature of relationships between brands and their customers.
Once a wise individual said, Flatter me, and I may not believe you. Criticize me, and I may not like you. Ignore me, and I may not forgive you. Encourage me, and I will not forget you. Love me and I may be forced to love you.
Once a wise individual said, I honestly believe you can never tell if a relationship is going to last. In my own marriage, which is going on 14 years, I don't think of it as 'I'm going to be with this person forever.' Instead, I think of more like, 'I'll probably be with this person for the next six weeks. Then I'll re-evaluate.'
Once a wise individual said, The 6th of August in the morning we saw an opening in the land and we ran into it, and anchored in 7 and a half fathom water, 2 miles from the shore, clean sand.
Once a wise individual said, Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason why so few engage in it.
Once a wise individual said, Some of the reasons John McCain lost in 2008 were his lackluster campaign, his refusal to showcase Obama's extreme liberalism and, thus, his failure to demonstrate why he would make a better president than Obama.
Once a wise individual said, Golf appeals to the idiot in us and the child. Just how childlike golf players become is proven by their frequent inability to count past five.
Once a wise individual said, I think basically becoming famous has taken the place of going to Heaven in modern society, hasn't it? That's the place where your dreams will come true. It's an act of faith now they think that's going to sort things out.
Once a wise individual said, Lorne finally said, Do the Blues Brothers thing. The response was amazing. People went nuts.
Once a wise individual said, I have the people behind me and the people are my strength.
Once a wise individual said, Most of the time I liked school and got good grades. In junior high, though, I hit a stumbling block with math - I used to come home and cry because of how frustrated I was! But after a few good teachers and a lot of perseverance, I ended up loving math and even choosing it as a major when I got to college.
Once a wise individual said, We were never a family that had a lot. We had enough, but not a lot.
Once a wise individual said, Real education should consist of drawing the goodness and the best out of our own students. What better books can there be than the book of humanity?
Once a wise individual said, Every politician should have been born an orphan and remain a bachelor.
Once a wise individual said, Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day.
Once a wise individual said, You've got to ask! Asking is, in my opinion, the world's most powerful - and neglected - secret to success and happiness.
Once a wise individual said, Celebrity culture has gone crazy, and I think the reason is that real news is just not bearable, and it also seems impossible to change anything.
Once a wise individual said, I remember we woke up one morning at Denny's house and John Phillips called. He said, you guys okay? We said, yeah, what's wrong, what's going on? He said, well, everybody's dead over at Sharon's house at Terry Melcher's place.
Once a wise individual said, We all have experiences in our lives that change us, and we all learn from people, like my dad, but at the end of the day, it's only us. And we're only responsible to make ourselves happy.
Once a wise individual said, Instead of causing us to remember the past like the old monuments, the new monuments seem to cause us to forget the future.
Once a wise individual said, It's like, it's kind of like if you ever had a car and it was a bit of a clunker but you love it, that's my show. It's a bit of a clunker but I know where everything is and I like it.
Once a wise individual said, The world is indeed a mixture of truth and make-believe. Discard the make-believe and take the truth.
Once a wise individual said, All stories should have some honesty and truth in them, otherwise you're just playing about.
Once a wise individual said, The word 'romance,' according to the dictionary, means excitement, adventure, and something extremely real. Romance should last a lifetime.
Once a wise individual said, I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free.
Once a wise individual said, I think this is the biggest win in my career. To beat Venus in Wimbledon is just something amazing.
Once a wise individual said, We march and fight, to death or on to victory. Our might is right, no traitors shall prevail. Our hearts are steeled against the fiery gates of hell. No shot or shell, can still our mighty song.
Once a wise individual said, Faithful women are all alike, they think only of their fidelity, never of their husbands.
Once a wise individual said, My shows aren't about trying to save some place, because I don't feel that's the right venue for it. That's my politics right there: Don't bring politics to my shows.
Once a wise individual said, When I began in 1960, individuality wasn't an accepted thing to look for it was about species-specific behaviour. But animal behaviour is not hard science. There's room for intuition.
Once a wise individual said, All great and beautiful work has come of first gazing without shrinking into the darkness.
Once a wise individual said, Dogs feel very strongly that they should always go with you in the car, in case the need should arise for them to bark violently at nothing right in your ear.
Once a wise individual said, We do not have a functioning market in the true sense of the word in health care. That's a layer of transparency that's sorely needed in America.
Once a wise individual said, The Ukrainian community is tight-knit by nature.
Once a wise individual said, I would feel more optimistic about a bright future for man if he spent less time proving that he can outwit Nature and more time tasting her sweetness and respecting her seniority.
Once a wise individual said, Alcohol gives you infinite patience for stupidity.
Once a wise individual said, I'm very happy with the way I look. I wake up some morning, catch myself in the bathroom mirror, and go, 'hey girl, you're alright'. But on the other hand, I find the website stuff, and the polls, something completely removed from my own personal life. You can't take anything like that too seriously, otherwise you'd end up in the loony bin.
Once a wise individual said, I think, in a way, I invented the term 'fight club' and that these things have always existed, but they never really had a label. Nobody had a language to apply to them. I created that language in two words and I've been paid a great deal of money for inventing two words and labeling something that has always been around.
Once a wise individual said, I love romantic comedies. I like to watch them and I like to be in them. It's something that's increasingly difficult to find that spark of originality that makes if different than the ones that come before.
Once a wise individual said, The Dalai Lama's entire being is about peace and harmony, forgiveness and self-discipline. Those are qualities to be admired. I am really looking forward to meeting His Holiness.
Once a wise individual said, The noble simplicity in the works of nature only too often originates in the noble shortsightedness of him who observes it.
Once a wise individual said, If you think Independence Day is America's defining holiday, think again. Thanksgiving deserves that title, hands-down.
Once a wise individual said, The path we have chosen for the present is full of hazards, as all paths are. The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission.
Once a wise individual said, In both religion and science, some people are dishonest, exploitative, incompetent and exhibit other human failings.
Once a wise individual said, We believe in government involvement that leads to independence: good schools, quality roads and the best health care.
Once a wise individual said, Maybe we all change over time.
Once a wise individual said, It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. This is how the whole scheme of things works. All good things are difficult to achieve and bad things are very easy to get.
Once a wise individual said, I feel that marrying younger and being quite a young dad helped me with the stability of my career.
Once a wise individual said, I think it true that, you know, sometimes things start to change even before a government changes and, actually, I think you can begin to see even the Labour machine beginning to understand that it has become over-reliant on targets and processes, that local governments have been over-bossed and bullied.
Once a wise individual said, God, that dumping ground of our dreams.
Once a wise individual said, Not one has shown an iota of fear of death. They want to end this agony.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes I get so bold and I'm so confident about what I'm doing that I actually try to be more of a dork because it's a really liberating feeling to experience what it's like to not care.
Once a wise individual said, The most successful war seldom pays for its losses.
Once a wise individual said, Love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well.
Once a wise individual said, America's greatness is not found in the size of its government. America's greatness resides in the hearts and the minds of the people.
Once a wise individual said, Prejudices, it is well known, are most difficult to eradicate from the heart whose soil has never been loosened or fertilized by education they grow firm there, firm as weeds among stones.
Once a wise individual said, Rocket scientists agree that we have about reached the limit of our ability to travel in space using chemical rockets. To achieve anything near the speed of light we will need a new energy source and a new propellant. Nuclear fission is not an option.
Once a wise individual said, I've had a tough time learning how to act like a congressman. Today I accidentally spent some of my own money.
Once a wise individual said, Also, when you escape a Communist regime, you treasure liberty and you understand that as government and state expand, liberty must contract.
Once a wise individual said, I'm so happy now. I love that I'm in a relationship right now... I want a life... The past five years or so I've found my groove and my balance.
Once a wise individual said, The Imperial German Government will not expect the Government of the United States to omit any word or any act necessary to the performance of its sacred duty of maintaining the rights of the United States and its citizens and of safeguarding their free exercise and enjoyment.
Once a wise individual said, The sudden disappointment of a hope leaves a scar which the ultimate fulfillment of that hope never entirely removes.
Once a wise individual said, Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.
Once a wise individual said, It is true that a fellow cannot ignore women - but he can think of them as he ought - as sisters, not as sparring partners.
Once a wise individual said, There is danger in reckless change, but greater danger in blind conservatism.
Once a wise individual said, The oil companies regard nuclear power as their rival, who will reduce their profits, so they put out a lot of disinformation about nuclear power.
Once a wise individual said, God expects but one thing of you, and that is that you should come out of yourself in so far as you are a created being made and let God be God in you.
Once a wise individual said, For the very first time the young are seeing history being made before it is censored by their elders.
Once a wise individual said, The thing about my music is, there really is no point.
Once a wise individual said, The first reaction to truth is hatred.
Once a wise individual said, There is as much greatness of mind in acknowledging a good turn, as in doing it.
Once a wise individual said, We possess only the happiness we are able to understand.
Once a wise individual said, We hope that the long darkness through which the Burmese people have lived may now be coming to an end.
Once a wise individual said, A religious man is a person who holds God and man in one thought at one time, at all times, who suffers harm done to others, whose greatest passion is compassion, whose greatest strength is love and defiance of despair.
Once a wise individual said, The tree which moves some to tears of joy is in the eyes of others only a green thing that stands in the way. Some see nature all ridicule and deformity... and some scarce see nature at all. But to the eyes of the man of imagination, nature is imagination itself.
Once a wise individual said, If I can do one hundredth part for the Indian that Mrs. Stowe did for the Negro, I will be thankful.
Once a wise individual said, The satirist shoots to kill while the humorist brings his prey back alive and eventually releases him again for another chance.
Once a wise individual said, Call no man happy till he is dead.
Once a wise individual said, It is one thing to show a man that he is in an error, and another to put him in possession of the truth.
Once a wise individual said, I've got a feeling that music might not be the most interesting place to be in the world of things.
Once a wise individual said, The last thing one discovers in composing a work is what to put first.
Once a wise individual said, Man, I don't want to have nothing to do with computers. I don't want the government in my business.
Once a wise individual said, Cats are inquisitive, but hate to admit it.
Once a wise individual said, The extreme limit of wisdom, that's what the public calls madness.
Once a wise individual said, It's not a sport you get famous at. If I wanted to be famous, I would have stuck with hockey.
Once a wise individual said, Globalization was a deep trend pushed by technology and right ideas, as much as anything else.
Once a wise individual said, Study after study confirms that even when you control for variables like profession, education, hours worked, age, marital status, and children, men still are compensated substantially more - even in professions, like nursing, dominated by women. No wonder there's a gender gap.
Once a wise individual said, I don't mind what the role is at all I just want to play cool characters.
Once a wise individual said, I'm all for same-sex marriage.
Once a wise individual said, Any time you stop looking at evil as a black and white thing, it's helpful. So the fact that there won't be any obligatory Islamic terrorist stereotypes in movies any more, that'd be helpful.
Once a wise individual said, I haven't got a car or a house. I've got a wife, but I didn't pay for her! I spend all my money on my glorious wife. She's here with a knife at my throat!
Once a wise individual said, Comedy is surprises, so if you're intending to make somebody laugh and they don't laugh, that's funny.
Once a wise individual said, People try much less hard to make a marriage work than they used to fifty years ago. Divorce is easier.
Once a wise individual said, I work to stay alive.
Once a wise individual said, The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, President Clinton signed a $10 million deal to write a book by 2003. Isn't that amazing? Yes, and get this, not only that, President Bush signed a $10 million deal to read a book by 2003.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of women don't know how to love because there's deep reasons for them not knowing how to love. And what I mean by deep reasons is deep and dark reasons.
Once a wise individual said, Politics, as a practise, whatever its professions, has always been the systematic organization of hatreds.
Once a wise individual said, An organization's intelligence is distributed to the point of being ubiquitous.
Once a wise individual said, Education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudices.
Once a wise individual said, Love is the only reality and it is not a mere sentiment. It is the ultimate truth that lies at the heart of creation.
Once a wise individual said, I gambled and I lost. I failed in securing my options for this choice for myself, but I succeeded in verifying the Dark Age is still with us.
Once a wise individual said, Yet, in spite of this world-wide system of linkages, there is, at this very moment, a general feeling that communication is breaking down everywhere, on an unparalleled scale.
Once a wise individual said, New Year's Day is every man's birthday.
Once a wise individual said, Jealousy lives upon doubts. It becomes madness or ceases entirely as soon as we pass from doubt to certainty.
Once a wise individual said, It's just amazing that there are so many prejudices even now.
Once a wise individual said, I learned you have to fight for yourself in the picture business.
Once a wise individual said, Perhaps, all writers walk such a line. In general - as we all do in our dreams - I believe I put something of myself into all the characters in my novels, male as well as female.
Once a wise individual said, I was terribly shy when I was growing up, I really wasn't confident with other people and I think I was always afraid of up or not being this very cool, amazing person that I wanted to be.
Once a wise individual said, When I was growing up, Dr. Seuss was really my favorite. There was something about the lyrical nature and the simplicity of his work that really hit me.
Once a wise individual said, I think my first big purchase was actually for my mom. She had one of those '90s TVs in her living room that's like a 10x10 brick, so I purchased her a flatscreen for her living room.
Once a wise individual said, So, I think that Marilyn, what she gave the world, and in many ways Kennedy too, was that they had dreams and they didn't allow anybody to take away their dreams.
Once a wise individual said, Our actions are the results of our intentions and our intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.
Once a wise individual said, Forget romantic fiction, a survey has found that most women would rather read a good book than go shopping, have sex, or sleep.
Once a wise individual said, The most important element of a free society, where individual rights are held in the highest esteem, is the rejection of the initiation of violence.
Once a wise individual said, In politics, you also have to be cautiously optimistic.
Once a wise individual said, I know my family and I would always go up to the mountains just for fun. We always skied. Then, all of a sudden, my brother started snow boarding. Older brother thing, I had to do what he was doing. So I started snow boarding.
Once a wise individual said, We don't tend to write about disease in fiction - not just teen novels but all American novels - because it doesn't fit in with our idea of the heroic romantic epic. There is room only for sacrifice, heroism, war, politics and family struggle.
Once a wise individual said, He dares to be a fool, and that is the first step in the direction of wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, A week is a long time in politics.
Once a wise individual said, I've never seen a worse situation than that of young writers in the United States. The publishing business in North America is so commercialized.
Once a wise individual said, He taught me housekeeping when I divorce I keep the house.
Once a wise individual said, Trust is built with consistency.
Once a wise individual said, It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver.
Once a wise individual said, Earth changes, but thy soul and God stand sure.
Once a wise individual said, Let us speak, though we show all our faults and weaknesses, - for it is a sign of strength to be weak, to know it, and out with it - not in a set way and ostentatiously, though, but incidentally and without premeditation.
Once a wise individual said, I feel that my father's greatest legacy was the people he inspired to get involved in public service and their communities, to join the Peace Corps, to go into space. And really that generation transformed this country in civil rights, social justice, the economy and everything.
Once a wise individual said, To me, a cat is an easy pet, they don't need any spoiling or looking after.
Once a wise individual said, My mother and father were very strange people. They tried to be funny which is always very sad to me.
Once a wise individual said, The death of anti-gay hate speech is no doubt being hastened by the head-spinning speed with which gays as a group - to say nothing of gay marriage - are becoming an unremarkable and even quite traditional parts of American life.
Once a wise individual said, For the last 3 years, we have celebrated National Nurses Week. Beginning on May 6, we will once again have the opportunity to truly commend the nursing community for their contributions to our national health delivery system.
Once a wise individual said, There's no regret. You can't regret. I mean, I've felt regret but I've also refused to allow regret to sow a seed and live in me because I don't believe it. You feel it, it's like guilt, it's like jealousy, it's like all those horrible things. You've just got to snip them and get them out, because they're no good.
Once a wise individual said, Quality in a classical Greek sense is how to live with grace and intelligence, with bravery and mercy.
Once a wise individual said, It's better to get the nutrients for healthy skin from food, not supplements. Salmon, walnuts, blueberries, spinach... lots of my favorite foods happen to be amazing for skin too.
Once a wise individual said, I can't wait to start something up myself that is actually about giving unsigned bands the exposure they deserve, especially when they travel so far to play the smallest gig they've ever played in their lives.
Once a wise individual said, Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
Once a wise individual said, To keep your secret is wisdom but to expect others to keep it is folly.
Once a wise individual said, Beauty is everywhere a welcome guest.
Once a wise individual said, I can jog, but I can't run. That's hard for me. I like the fact that I can jog for fitness, but to me there's a huge difference between jogging and running.
Once a wise individual said, Search for beauty without features, something deeper than any signs.
Once a wise individual said, The world is full of poetry. The air is living with its spirit and the waves dance to the music of its melodies, and sparkle in its brightness.
Once a wise individual said, Sticking to a diet required me to have a permanently low self-esteem. But happily, I developed other skills beyond a fluctuating weight, eventually building up a different source of self-worth.
Once a wise individual said, I became much happier when I realized I shouldn't depend solely on my career for my sense of self. So I developed other interests and surrounded myself with a small group of friends I could trust.
Once a wise individual said, I love extreme sports, I like snowboarding and motorcross and rollerblading and hockey.
Once a wise individual said, Lesser artists borrow, great artists steal.
Once a wise individual said, Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity, worship, love, but no friendship.
Once a wise individual said, When I was 24, I was full of life. I was that ham who wanted to be famous, a movie star, all that stuff. I think it's cool. But it was not what I was searching for, really. It was more a delusion.
Once a wise individual said, Fashion is almost like a religion, for me at least.
Once a wise individual said, When I was a kid, I loved 'The Curse of Frankenstein,' 'The Creeping Unknown,' 'X: The Unknown.' I love 'Forbidden Planet,' 'The Thing from Another World.' They were science fiction/horror movies, generally.
Once a wise individual said, I did it to myself. It wasn't society... it wasn't a pusher, it wasn't being blind or being black or being poor. It was all my doing.
Once a wise individual said, Jealousy is the grave of affection.
Once a wise individual said, By presenting a faithful and honest record of my experience as a mother, I hope to show both my readers and my children how truth can redeem even what you fear might be the gravest of sins.
Once a wise individual said, In a relationship you want to treat people the way you want to be treated.
Once a wise individual said, Playing music has always felt very natural. You know, you do try to do other things, and you do learn lessons that way, but, eventually - well... if your dad is a plumber, you become a plumber. It's the family business, and I felt like I was taking over the family business.
Once a wise individual said, I left Jamaica for a while, because as an artist I need to experience different things, see the world, have different energies. Living in one place is not good for me.
Once a wise individual said, The one great principle of English law is to make business for itself.
Once a wise individual said, I always say you can never be extravagant with beauty. Beauty is God made real. Beauty is life.
Once a wise individual said, It is more rewarding to watch money change the world than watch it accumulate.
Once a wise individual said, Ecclesiasticism in science is only unfaithfulness to truth.
Once a wise individual said, We are a long time in learning that all our strength and salvation is in God.
Once a wise individual said, It is only through labor and painful effort, by grim energy and resolute courage, that we move on to better things.
Once a wise individual said, It's good to trust others but, not to do so is much better.
Once a wise individual said, I am involved in a freedom ride protesting the loss of the minority rights belonging to the few remaining earthbound stars. All we demanded was our right to twinkle.
Once a wise individual said, I did make some not-so-great relationship decisions when I was a lot younger. I do know that not all high school boys are great and wonderful and Prince Charming, and there are a few that are going to treat you that way.
Once a wise individual said, The truth is, I'm proud of the life I've lived so far, and though I've made my share of mistakes, I have no regrets.
Once a wise individual said, Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.
Once a wise individual said, The awareness that health is dependent upon habits that we control makes us the first generation in history that to a large extent determines its own destiny.
Once a wise individual said, A wonderful thing about a book, in contrast to a computer screen, is that you can take it to bed with you.
Once a wise individual said, Friends are born, not made.
Once a wise individual said, I suppose society is wonderfully delightful. To be in it is merely a bore. But to be out of it is simply a tragedy.
Once a wise individual said, Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.
Once a wise individual said, Men are liars. We'll lie about lying if we have to. I'm an algebra liar. I figure two good lies make a positive.
Once a wise individual said, If people in the media cannot decide whether they are in the business of reporting news or manufacturing propaganda, it is all the more important that the public understand that difference, and choose their news sources accordingly.
Once a wise individual said, Security... it's simply the recognition that changes will take place and the knowledge that you're willing to deal with whatever happens.
Once a wise individual said, As all human beings are, in my view, creatures of God's design, we must respect all other human beings. That does not mean I have to agree with their choices or agree with their opinions, but indeed I respect them as human beings.
Once a wise individual said, Men are the dreams of a shadow.
Once a wise individual said, What a book a devil's chaplain might write on the clumsy, wasteful, blundering, low, and horribly cruel work of nature!
Once a wise individual said, Every non-political human grouping of whatever kind, legal, social, religious, economic or other becomes at last political if it creates an opposition deep enough to range men against one another as enemies.
Once a wise individual said, Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart and the senses.
Once a wise individual said, Dad needs to show an incredible amount of respect and humor and friendship toward his mate so the kids understand their parents are sexy, they're fun, they do things together, they're best friends. Kids learn by example. If I respect Mom, they're going to respect Mom.
Once a wise individual said, My father is an amazing man.
Once a wise individual said, I feel fortunate that I'm not a beauty. I'm not a classic beauty. I feel it is harder for girls who are like that. There are fewer parts.
Once a wise individual said, To get away from poverty, you need several things at the same time: school, health, and infrastructure - those are the public investments. And on the other side, you need market opportunities, information, employment, and human rights.
Once a wise individual said, Lawrence Ferlinghetti had a tremendous education as an artist and also an enormous knowledge of literarture.
Once a wise individual said, I could see myself in a relationship with a girl Olivia Wilde is so sexy she makes me want to strangle a mountain ox with my bare hands. She's mesmerizing.
Once a wise individual said, I think there's a future where the Web and print coexist and they each do things uniquely and complement each other, and we have what could be the ultimate and best-yet array of journalistic venues.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage is the grave or tomb of wit.
Once a wise individual said, I think if you're at the point where you're popular enough to sell your wedding photos to OK! Magazine then you don't need the money.
Once a wise individual said, Courage is always the surest wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.
Once a wise individual said, Capitalist production, therefore, develops technology, and the combining together of various processes into a social whole, only by sapping the original sources of all wealth - the soil and the labourer.
Once a wise individual said, May your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, dangerous, leading to the most amazing view. May your mountains rise into and above the clouds.
Once a wise individual said, Science knows no country, because knowledge belongs to humanity, and is the torch which illuminates the world. Science is the highest personification of the nation because that nation will remain the first which carries the furthest the works of thought and intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, I am determined to be cheerful and happy in whatever situation I may find myself. For I have learned that the greater part of our misery or unhappiness is determined not by our circumstance but by our disposition.
Once a wise individual said, Dedicate yourself to the good you deserve and desire for yourself. Give yourself peace of mind. You deserve to be happy. You deserve delight.
Once a wise individual said, After a shooting spree, they always want to take the guns away from the people who didn't do it. I sure as hell wouldn't want to live in a society where the only people allowed guns are the police and the military.
Once a wise individual said, I was raised by a single mother who made a way for me. She used to scrub floors as a domestic worker, put a cleaning rag in her pocketbook and ride the subways in Brooklyn so I would have food on the table. But she taught me as I walked her to the subway that life is about not where you start, but where you're going. That's family values.
Once a wise individual said, I mean, everybody should have access to medical care. And, you know, it shouldn't be such a big deal.
Once a wise individual said, We can't drive our SUVs and eat as much as we want and keep our homes on 72 degrees at all times... and then just expect that other countries are going to say OK. That's not leadership. That's not going to happen.
Once a wise individual said, Abortion is inherently different from other medical procedures because no other procedure involves the purposeful termination of a potential life.
Once a wise individual said, Man becomes man only by his intelligence, but he is man only by his heart.
Once a wise individual said, What we call Man's power over Nature turns out to be a power exercised by some men over other men with Nature as its instrument.
Once a wise individual said, We're looking at Earth science, observing our planet. Also space science, looking at the ozone in the atmosphere around our Earth. Also looking at life science. And on a human level, using ourselves as test subjects.
Once a wise individual said, Presents don't really mean much to me. I don't want to sound mawkish, but - it was the realization that I have a great many people in my life who really love me, and who I really love.
Once a wise individual said, Well, first let me say that I think health care reform is important. It has to be a priority. And our system is broken. The Finance Committee bill is the best effort yet, due in large measure to the efforts of my colleague, Olympia Snowe, but it's not there yet. It falls short.
Once a wise individual said, Where is the justice of political power if it executes the murderer and jails the plunderer, and then itself marches upon neighboring lands, killing thousands and pillaging the very hills?
Once a wise individual said, Fiction was invented the day Jonas arrived home and told his wife that he was three days late because he had been swallowed by a whale.
Once a wise individual said, Bottom line is, I didn't return to Apple to make a fortune. I've been very lucky in my life and already have one. When I was 25, my net worth was $100 million or so. I decided then that I wasn't going to let it ruin my life. There's no way you could ever spend it all, and I don't view wealth as something that validates my intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, In every character I play, I try to imbibe something. Every film is a learning process for me.
Once a wise individual said, Another very strong image from the first day was giving my initial press conference in the morning - going down and finding out that everything I had said, the essence of what I had said, was wrong.
Once a wise individual said, It's my experience that you really can't lose when you try the truth.
Once a wise individual said, And as I've gotten deeper into the process of making films and television and such, I think I have more trust in the fact that you really never know what you're going to find after the twenty-fifth take.
Once a wise individual said, There are no shortcuts in life - only those we imagine.
Once a wise individual said, A marriage is no amusement but a solemn act, and generally a sad one.
Once a wise individual said, In the theatre, people talk. Talk, talk until the cows come home about journeys of discovery and about what Hazlitt thought of a line of Shakespeare. I can't stand it.
Once a wise individual said, I had a big troupe, a big army and it was a lot of fun. And, after 10 years of that, I just decided that I wanted to travel and do special dates. I go to Las Vegas these days.
Once a wise individual said, I want to state upfront, unequivocally and without doubt: I do not believe that any racial, ethnic or gender group has an advantage in sound judging. I do believe that every person has an equal opportunity to be a good and wise judge, regardless of their background or life experiences.
Once a wise individual said, Wisdom is found only in truth.
Once a wise individual said, The slogan was 'Don't trust anyone over thirty'. Sixty years later the slogan became, 'Don't trust anyone over ninety'.
Once a wise individual said, Really, the potential for, first of all, any college graduate today is enormously good. These are good times for anyone with a college degree today, particularly African Americans. With a college degree today, you really breach the unemployment rate.
Once a wise individual said, Scouting rises within you and inspires you to put forth your best.
Once a wise individual said, The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own. You do not blame them on your mother, the ecology, or the president. You realize that you control your own destiny.
Once a wise individual said, No man likes to have his intelligence or good faith questioned, especially if he has doubts about it himself.
Once a wise individual said, Gardens are not made by singing 'Oh, how beautiful,' and sitting in the shade.
Once a wise individual said, I have a notebook that is filled to the brim with my dreams and ideas and goals and aspirations.
Once a wise individual said, If art is to nourish the roots of our culture, society must set the artist free to follow his vision wherever it takes him.
Once a wise individual said, The United States has done more for the war crimes tribunal than any other country in the world. We're turning over all the information we have, including intelligence information.
Once a wise individual said, God Almighty first planted a garden. And indeed, it is the purest of human pleasures.
Once a wise individual said, I like animals. I like natural history. The travel bit is not the important bit. The travel bit is what you have to do in order to go and look at animals.
Once a wise individual said, I really appreciate artists of the 20th century, and I can see a lot of their influence on my work, but to suggest that my design only fits within an 'ism' kind of bothers me.
Once a wise individual said, Beyond peace, there is no longer any existence possible.
Once a wise individual said, You were made by God and for God, and until you understand that, life will never make sense.
Once a wise individual said, The study and knowledge of the universe would somehow be lame and defective were no practical results to follow.
Once a wise individual said, A woman is like a tea bag - you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water.
Once a wise individual said, The more we come out and do good to others, the more our hearts will be purified, and God will be in them.
Once a wise individual said, My mother-in-law speaks not a word of English. I speak not a word of Tajiki. So I smile at her ingratiatingly and she fixes me with a beady eye.
Once a wise individual said, But for me, it is when a student has died. I find the death of a young person the most difficult and painful of times. To explain it to other young people, to see a bright future snuffed out, is just awful. I am haunted by those deaths.
Once a wise individual said, On Memorial Day, I don't want to only remember the combatants. There were also those who came out of the trenches as writers and poets, who started preaching peace, men and women who have made this world a kinder place to live.
Once a wise individual said, I believe God is managing affairs and that He doesn't need any advice from me. With God in charge, I believe everything will work out for the best in the end. So what is there to worry about.
Once a wise individual said, It's about time we all faced up to the truth. If we accept the radical homosexual agenda, be it in the military or in marriage or in other areas of our lives, we are utterly destroying the concept of family.
Once a wise individual said, You can hate me. You can go out there and say anything you want about me, But you will love me later because I told you the truth.
Once a wise individual said, I have found that a smile and a stick will carry you through all right, and in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred it is the smile that does the trick.
Once a wise individual said, Do what you fear and fear disappears.
Once a wise individual said, We support every effort to combat international terrorism through the formulation of international conventions and hope that the international community will take further steps to improve the anti-terrorism international legal framework.
Once a wise individual said, I've been on a diet for two weeks and all I've lost is two weeks.
Once a wise individual said, To acquire knowledge, one must study but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.
Once a wise individual said, I'm definitely a Polaroid camera girl. For me, what I'm really excited about is bringing back the artistry and the nature of Polaroid.
Once a wise individual said, Voting is a right best exercised by people who have taken time to learn about the issues.
Once a wise individual said, If we know that our own men are in a condition to attack, but are unaware that the enemy is not open to attack, we have gone only halfway towards victory.
Once a wise individual said, We should laugh before being happy, for fear of dying without having laughed.
Once a wise individual said, I thought the more famous I became, the more friendships I would have, but the opposite was true.
Once a wise individual said, Never spend your money before you have earned it.
Once a wise individual said, When life takes me on a new journey, I simply remember the smile my first ballet recital put on my face and I move forward.
Once a wise individual said, We have to get control of our borders. You can only do that if you make companies obey the law and not hire undocumented or illegals. They can only do that is if they have a Social Security Card that has biometrics so they know whether the person is legal or not.
Once a wise individual said, If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom, and the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money that it values more, it will lose that too.
Once a wise individual said, If I'm with a man, is that going to prevent me from achieving my goal? What sacrifices will I have to make in terms of being myself, if I'm with a man? Something that young women find out really quickly is that when you start dating, all of a sudden you're supposed to have a role. You're not allowed to just be yourself.
Once a wise individual said, Patience is the companion of wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over.
Once a wise individual said, A pessimist is a person who has had to listen to too many optimists.
Once a wise individual said, I've done business with people I've met in politics, who I went to law school with, who I grew up with. Who do you do business with? People you meet in life.
Once a wise individual said, Everything I am is because of my mom.
Once a wise individual said, The low points I had all helped make up my character, so I probably wouldn't want to do away with them because I like being flawed and I like having them help me grow and change and become better and stronger.
Once a wise individual said, Join me in Olympic Heros for Abstinence. The best sex is no sex.
Once a wise individual said, My main objective is to prepare candidates for professional baseball however, the majority of our graduates will go home as much better qualified amateurs.
Once a wise individual said, I may be learning guitar, but I'll never be able to sing.
Once a wise individual said, Well, I thought the deal was, when you went to work for the government you weren't supposed to make money!
Once a wise individual said, The Divine of the Lord in heaven is love, for the reason that love is receptive of all things of heaven, such as peace, intelligence, wisdom and happiness.
Once a wise individual said, I have several computer companies. One of them I have a program for wide-format printing. I have a beauty program. So I have several different programs that I own for printing.
Once a wise individual said, An enormous part of our mature experience cannot not be expressed in words.
Once a wise individual said, Against the beautiful and the clever and the successful, one can wage a pitiless war, but not against the unattractive: then the millstone weighs on the breast.
Once a wise individual said, Well, just being stupid and politically incorrect doesn't work. You can be politically incorrect if you're smart.
Once a wise individual said, Ethical religion can be real only to those who are engaged in ceaseless efforts at moral improvement. By moving upward we acquire faith in an upward movement, without limit.
Once a wise individual said, Cleaning is my favorite way to relax. I clear things out and get rid of the stuff I don't need. When the food pantry and the refrigerator are organized, I feel less stressed.
Once a wise individual said, In fact, the best thing we could do on taxes for all Americans is to simplify the individual tax code. This will be a tough job, but members of both parties have expressed an interest in doing this, and I am prepared to join them.
Once a wise individual said, I find fear is a great motivator to work hard.
Once a wise individual said, I think that maybe if women and children were in charge we would get somewhere.
Once a wise individual said, My definition of love is being full. Complete. It makes everything lighter. Beauty is something you see. Love is something you feel.
Once a wise individual said, Imagination disposes of everything it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
Once a wise individual said, Photography is more than a medium for factual communication of ideas. It is a creative art.
Once a wise individual said, I'm just very thankful. And I say that a lot because that's the most important message.
Once a wise individual said, That's why I began doing makeup in the first place: I was hoping that through helping people see the beauty in themselves, I could try and find it in me.
Once a wise individual said, In the morning, I reach for the sports page.
Once a wise individual said, Women, if the soul of the nation is to be saved, I believe that you must become its soul.
Once a wise individual said, I had no doubts I could go to the pole. I may not be as strong, but I make up for physical strength in other areas, like steadiness and not panicking under stress.
Once a wise individual said, I don't get a chance to be home much.
Once a wise individual said, I believe in the brotherhood of all men, but I don't believe in wasting brotherhood on anyone who doesn't want to practice it with me. Brotherhood is a two-way street.
Once a wise individual said, I acquired an admiration for Japanese culture, art, and architecture, and learned of the existence of the game of GO, which I still play.
Once a wise individual said, In New York, after that famous home run, they expected me to be up there every year. That homer raised me to a high level, with the top guys in the game.
Once a wise individual said, All things are subject to interpretation whichever interpretation prevails at a given time is a function of power and not truth.
Once a wise individual said, I'm Irish. I think about death all the time.
Once a wise individual said, But our society does not grant nontraditional forms of intelligence equal recognition, no matter how much it would help us get along or truly enrich our lives.
Once a wise individual said, Wrap parties can be really sad, actually, disorienting.
Once a wise individual said, Our covering ministry is Challenge for Christ ministries, and Travel the Road was solely our mission arm, designed to expose people to what missions are, then connect them with agencies that send people out.
Once a wise individual said, For my scale, how I grew up and live my life, I'm making plenty of money.
Once a wise individual said, Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.
Once a wise individual said, I suppose women are attracted to the bad-boy image sometimes because it's fun to have an adventure. It's like eating junk food... it's fun at the time, but ultimately not the best choice.
Once a wise individual said, So if you stay ready, you ain't gotta get ready, and that is how I run my life.
Once a wise individual said, Anyone who knows history, particularly the history of Europe, will, I think, recognize that the domination of education or of government by any one particular religious faith is never a happy arrangement for the people.
Once a wise individual said, It is better to lose health like a spendthrift than to waste it like a miser.
Once a wise individual said, We travel to learn and I have never been in any country where they did not do something better than we do it, think some thoughts better than we think, catch some inspiration from heights above our own.
Once a wise individual said, Spend some time this weekend on home improvement improve your attitude toward your family.
Once a wise individual said, In the book I define conservatism, as I believe it is fit upon four categories of principle: respect for The Constitution, respect for life, less government, and personal responsibility.
Once a wise individual said, Surround yourself with good people. Whether they're the best or not, people are capable of learning if they've got good hearts and they're good souls.
Once a wise individual said, I'm so critical of myself. I'm actually really, really proud of the film. It's really cool to see a movie at Sundance because everybody is so supportive.
Once a wise individual said, The best part about being alone is that you really don't have to answer to anybody. You do what you want.
Once a wise individual said, Bathroom humor, fart, and poo poo humor in movies gets a laugh. It's a pretty easy audience, and that's been around for ages.
Once a wise individual said, When I see children, I see the face of God. That's why I love them so much. That's what I see.
Once a wise individual said, It is not death, it is dying that alarms me.
Once a wise individual said, Making a movie requires 20 to 500 people to make and a lot of money and the stakes are a lot higher.
Once a wise individual said, My music must reflect whatever's going on in my mind, and my life needs to evolve for me to discover who it is I'm becoming.
Once a wise individual said, Let every man be respected as an individual and no man idolized.
Once a wise individual said, I don't want to hope anymore. I don't think we should hope anymore. We hoped enough. Now we have to do. We all have to do now.
Once a wise individual said, He who receives money in trust to administer for the benefit of its owner, and uses it either for his own interest or against the wishes of its rightful owner, is a thief.
Once a wise individual said, When the good lord calls you home, the government ought not come get your home.
Once a wise individual said, Being generous or doing things for others actually makes me feel good so I don't do it because I hope karma will come round and get me and I'll benefit from it.
Once a wise individual said, Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.
Once a wise individual said, I love technology, and I love new gadgets. I can no longer figure out how to use any of them, but I love them.
Once a wise individual said, Liberalism is, I think, resurgent. One reason is that more and more people are so painfully aware of the alternative.
Once a wise individual said, We have over 500,000 illegal immigrants living in Arizona. And we simply cannot sustain it. It costs us a tremendous amount of money of course in health care, in education, and then, on top of it all, in incarceration. And the federal government doesn't reimburse us on any of these things.
Once a wise individual said, They succeed, because they think they can.
Once a wise individual said, Beyond reducing individual use, one of our top priorities must be to move from fossil fuels to energy that has fewer detrimental effects on water supplies and fewer environmental impacts overall.
Once a wise individual said, It seems like the studios are either making giant blockbusters, or really super-small indies. And the mid-level films I grew up on, like 'Back to the Future' and all those John Hughes movies, the studios aren't doing. It's hard to get them on their feet.
Once a wise individual said, I actually may do a musical next year... not one that I've written one that I may star in. Plus my concert and other people's work and all of a sudden you've got a very full life.
Once a wise individual said, In recent years personal injury attorneys and trial lawyers have attacked the food industry with numerous lawsuits alleging that these businesses should pay monetary damages to those who, of their own accord, consume too much of a legal, safe product.
Once a wise individual said, Every job leaves its residue, a bit of extra knowledge, a new skill-set.
Once a wise individual said, Men are liars. We'll lie about lying if we have to. I'm an algebra liar. I figure two good lies make a positive.
Once a wise individual said, 'No Child Left Behind' requires states and school districts to ensure that all students are learning and are reaching their highest potential. Special education students should not be left out of these accountability mechanisms.
Once a wise individual said, Good women always think it is their fault when someone else is being offensive. Bad women never take the blame for anything.
Once a wise individual said, Political consultants are pugilists, masters in the dark art of negativity. Which is why it's surprising to hear Democrats such as Steve McMahon and Republicans like Rich Galen urging their presidential candidates to be more, well, positive.
Once a wise individual said, I have sometimes imagined my own death and brought myself to tears.
Once a wise individual said, That's the biggest part of doing comics: You have to create stuff that makes you want to get out of bed every morning and get to work.
Once a wise individual said, Faith is believing in things when common sense tells you not to.
Once a wise individual said, We were then in a dangerous, helpless situation, exposed daily to perils and death amongst savages and wild beasts, not a white man in the country but ourselves.
Once a wise individual said, Nature shows that with the growth of intelligence comes increased capacity for pain, and it is only with the highest degree of intelligence that suffering reaches its supreme point.
Once a wise individual said, Truth is always served by great minds, even if they fight it.
Once a wise individual said, When I was younger, I wasn't concentrating on good days. I was managing a career and trying to have a good year. It would always 'lead' to something, which never leads to anything except death, where everything leads to. And then as I got older, and then I had my kids and everything, I began to appreciate a great Wednesday.
Once a wise individual said, We're saying no changes for Medicare for people above the age of 55. And in order to keep the promise to current seniors who've already retired and organized their lives around this program, you have to reform it for the next generation.
Once a wise individual said, When you think about the day-to-day, positive impact on the lives of U.S. citizens, there is no relationship that we have in the world that is more important than our relationship with Canada.
Once a wise individual said, I enjoy about 1 out of 100 movies, it's about the same proportion to books published that I care to read.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not interested in pop art.
Once a wise individual said, Elizabeth Taylor. In her heyday, she was amazing.
Once a wise individual said, I think life is far too short to concentrate on your past. I rather look into the future.
Once a wise individual said, So many women keep their anger inside and let it build until they explode and then people blow them off again.
Once a wise individual said, We are going as fast as we can as soon as we can. We're in a race against time, until we run out of money.
Once a wise individual said, My longing for truth was a single prayer.
Once a wise individual said, Some people are cool with the fact that their bodies bear witness to this great thing they produced, their children, and I understand that. But on a personal level, it makes me feel better that my breasts are not down to my knees when I'm undressed in front of my husband.
Once a wise individual said, My parents were kind of like me in that they had tons and tons of weird, amazing stuff.
Once a wise individual said, Men and women have strengths that complement each other.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom of expression comes with responsibilities, especially when it comes with serious implications for peace.
Once a wise individual said, It's a complex relationship when your dad happened to be president and you are president and then you have all the amateur psychology that goes on when people try to speculate about motivations.
Once a wise individual said, We forget that this music, music made by my brothers and sisters, is still a baby. It's just beginning. When I think of the possibilities, it makes me smile.
Once a wise individual said, Education is not to reform students or amuse them or to make them expert technicians. It is to unsettle their minds, widen their horizons, inflame their intellects, teach them to think straight, if possible.
Once a wise individual said, Extremes in nature equal ends produce In man they join to some mysterious use.
Once a wise individual said, Religious belief, like history itself, is a story that is always unfolding, always subject to inquiry and ripe for questioning. For without doubt there is no faith.
Once a wise individual said, We have always held to the hope, the belief, the conviction that there is a better life, a better world, beyond the horizon.
Once a wise individual said, Artists working for other artists is all about knowing, learning, unlearning, initiating long-term artistic dialogues, making connections, creating covens, and getting temporary shelter from the storm.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom is control in your own life.
Once a wise individual said, If I go on a diet and work out, I'm always in a bad mood. I'd rather be a little heavier but nice.
Once a wise individual said, To say that a work of art is good, but incomprehensible to the majority of men, is the same as saying of some kind of food that it is very good but that most people can't eat it.
Once a wise individual said, Beauty fades! I just turned 29, so I probably don't have that many good years left in me.
Once a wise individual said, My art and poetry is very political now. Because you've got to find that truth within you and express yourself. Somewhere out there, I know, there will be people who will listen.
Once a wise individual said, If the goal of health-care reform is to provide comprehensive, universal health care in a cost-effective way, the only honest approach is a single-payer approach.
Once a wise individual said, True human goodness, in all its purity and freedom, can come to the fore only when its recipient has no power.
Once a wise individual said, My acting career began at age three and my parents got me into it. I was in a McDonald's commercial.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of women these days, a lot of young women don't want to call themselves feminists. You have this cheap, hideous 'girl power' sort of fad, which I think is pretty benign at best, but at worst, I think it's a way of taking the politics out of feminism and making it some kind of fashion.
Once a wise individual said, You know my dad pushed me to believe that I was going to be the best. I just never thought of life without tennis, even looking forward.
Once a wise individual said, It's a pity that the tennis is really going down the drain. Every year it's getting worse and worse and worse. There has to be a radical change, and I hope it will be really soon.
Once a wise individual said, I see when men love women. They give them but a little of their lives. But women when they love give everything.
Once a wise individual said, Where I once constantly lost my temper, I found myself arriving at a crisis and experiencing peace.
Once a wise individual said, They say women talk too much. If you have worked in Congress you know that the filibuster was invented by men.
Once a wise individual said, He who knows nothing is closer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors.
Once a wise individual said, You don't have to go looking for love when it's where you come from.
Once a wise individual said, I've rarely seen video screens used well in a music concert.
Once a wise individual said, The people who did the collateralized mortgage obligations, sold them to pension funds, then sold them short, then bought credit default swap insurance on them, are just amazing. They are a law unto themselves.
Once a wise individual said, Collective fear stimulates herd instinct, and tends to produce ferocity toward those who are not regarded as members of the herd.
Once a wise individual said, The runway symbolizes something in society that's very intimidating to women.
Once a wise individual said, Liberty is to the collective body, what health is to every individual body. Without health no pleasure can be tasted by man without liberty, no happiness can be enjoyed by society.
Once a wise individual said, Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.
Once a wise individual said, If we long to believe that the stars rise and set for us, that we are the reason there is a Universe, does science do us a disservice in deflating our conceits?
Once a wise individual said, India is the meeting place of the religions and among these Hinduism alone is by itself a vast and complex thing, not so much a religion as a great diversified and yet subtly unified mass of spiritual thought, realization and aspiration.
Once a wise individual said, In the 'Hurt Locker' there's a lot of me in there, a sense of humor, a man of few words and a lot of action.
Once a wise individual said, From the lowest animals of which we can affirm intelligence up to man this type of intellect is found.
Once a wise individual said, If someone decides to be a musician now, it means because there is no hope of money at the end of it, it means they really want to be a musician. And if someone is writing now, there is no hope for money at the end of it.
Once a wise individual said, In our post-9/11 world, our Nation's military deserves, at least the same access to institutions of higher education that any other major employer might enjoy.
Once a wise individual said, Scientific views end in awe and mystery, lost at the edge in uncertainty, but they appear to be so deep and so impressive that the theory that it is all arranged as a stage for God to watch man's struggle for good and evil seems inadequate.
Once a wise individual said, You have to wait for people to program you. The only difference is the amount of people that you're going to reach but that's going to even out in the next two or three years anyway. Computers are being bought faster than televisions right now.
Once a wise individual said, Punishment is now unfashionable... because it creates moral distinctions among men, which, to the democratic mind, are odious. We prefer a meaningless collective guilt to a meaningful individual responsibility.
Once a wise individual said, All love is lost but upon God alone.
Once a wise individual said, I pledge to you today that as president, in my first budget, I will introduce the largest increase in special education ever.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think art is propaganda it should be something that liberates the soul, provokes the imagination and encourages people to go further. It celebrates humanity instead of manipulating it.
Once a wise individual said, When you play a concerto with a small orchestra, you don't feel it is as important as Carnegie Hall. You try to work out all the little problems. Once that's all done, trust comes in.
Once a wise individual said, Restless, and in desperate need of adventure, I quit my job at an insurance company to travel west with a couple of guys I smoked pot with, scandalizing my family.
Once a wise individual said, When I was building the Vietnam Memorial, I never once asked the veterans what it was like in the war, because from my point of view, you don't pry into other people's business.
Once a wise individual said, The principle of the Gothic architecture is infinity made imaginable.
Once a wise individual said, Methamphetamine is a hideous drug. Meth makes a person become paranoid, violent, and aggressive - making them a serious threat to society and law enforcement. And maybe more importantly, meth users are a threat to their own children and families.
Once a wise individual said, Truth engenders hatred of truth. As soon as it appears, it is the enemy.
Once a wise individual said, I happen to be really a romantic.
Once a wise individual said, Punishment is now unfashionable... because it creates moral distinctions among men, which, to the democratic mind, are odious. We prefer a meaningless collective guilt to a meaningful individual responsibility.
Once a wise individual said, Every noble work is at first impossible.
Once a wise individual said, Since 'Idol' I've gotten used to having an amazing hair and make-up team around me, so I'm starting to get picky. I know what I like now and I'm happy to say 'Could we maybe change that?' if I don't like something. I don't yell or anything, but I think I could definitely start to act a little diva-ish when it comes to my look.
Once a wise individual said, It is not fit that every man should travel it makes a wise man better, and a fool worse.
Once a wise individual said, Before, it was just about making the films - and now it's releasing them. Which is a steep learning curve.
Once a wise individual said, Every day I try to do breathing exercises, meditation, and yoga. These things sound awfully cliche, but they help me slow down and try to point to a truth.
Once a wise individual said, Until we totally change the way we elect our leaders, until we remove private money from public campaigns, lying will be the de facto method of governance in this country.
Once a wise individual said, There's such an extreme feeling to be in love, especially in quite an emotionally destructive relationship, where you're both kind of really bad for each other, but you love each other so much. Those extreme emotions, I think, can only be described with extreme imagery.
Once a wise individual said, People have to be educated and they have to stick to it. If people lose that respect, an awful lot is lost.
Once a wise individual said, The scariest thought in the world is that someday I'll wake up and realize I've been sleepwalking through my life: underappreciating the people I love, making the same hurtful mistakes over and over, a slave to neuroses, fear, and the habitual.
Once a wise individual said, Playing guitar was one of my childhood hobbies, and I had played a little at school and at camp. My parents would drag me out to perform for my family, like all parents do, but it was a hobby - nothing more.
Once a wise individual said, Every man's work, whether it be literature, or music or pictures or architecture or anything else, is always a portrait of himself.
Once a wise individual said, The history of Wall Street is inseparable from New York.
Once a wise individual said, Trying to force creativity is never good.
Once a wise individual said, What makes photography a strange invention is that its primary raw materials are light and time.
Once a wise individual said, It was really cool to work with Dakota Fanning. I've watched her grow up and I've always loved her films, loved her. It was amazing working with someone who was American as well, because obviously it's going to be a different energy straightaway. We got on really well she's so professional and hardworking.
Once a wise individual said, The revelation of thought takes men out of servitude into freedom.
Once a wise individual said, I often begin movies with music in my head it's a very important dimension to me. Not just the music itself, but how to use music in film: when and how and subtlety. I don't like to be too sweet in my stories, and I like the abrasive clang, the contrasting of sounds and cultures.
Once a wise individual said, Don't get too comfortable with who you are at any given time - you may miss the opportunity to become who you want to be.
Once a wise individual said, The bass player's function, along with the drums, is to be the engine that drives the car... everything else is merely colours.
Once a wise individual said, So, basically, my view is I don't want to support the exploitation of animals, and within reason, I will do what I can to avoid it, but it's not like it's a religion for me. It's not like I consider I'm polluted if somehow some bit of milk or cheese or something passes my lips.
Once a wise individual said, We have time, there's no big rush.
Once a wise individual said, 'Friends' was an education in intelligent comedic banter in intelligent vernacular. It was an education in scene study. It was an education in group dynamic. I came out of there with a master's degree in comedy.
Once a wise individual said, To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded.
Once a wise individual said, And we have a little herb garden, which survived the winter thanks to global warming. It makes me feel like a cool, old Italian housewife, that I kept my rosemary alive outside all winter.
Once a wise individual said, Music rhythms are mathematical patterns. When you hear a song and your body starts moving with it, your body is doing math. The kids in their parents' garage practicing to be a band may not realize it, but they're also practicing math.
Once a wise individual said, Life does not agree with philosophy: There is no happiness that is not idleness, and only what is useless is pleasurable.
Once a wise individual said, I look forward to a great future for America - a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose.
Once a wise individual said, Until the Eighties, Oslo was a rather boring town, but it's changed a lot, and is now much more cosmopolitan. If I go downtown, I visit the harbour to see the tall ships and the ferries, and to admire the modern architecture such as the Opera House or the new Astrup Fearnley Museum on the water's edge.
Once a wise individual said, Through hard work, perseverance and a faith in God, you can live your dreams.
Once a wise individual said, I don't like Bush. I don't trust him. I don't like his record. He's stupid. He's lazy.
Once a wise individual said, You get to a certain age and you can't judge yourself on your dad or your parents.
Once a wise individual said, One's only rival is one's own potentialities. One's only failure is failing to live up to one's own possibilities. In this sense, every man can be a king, and must therefore be treated like a king.
Once a wise individual said, No matter how dark things may get in a story, I feel it's the responsibility of the storyteller to leave the audience with at least a shred of hope.
Once a wise individual said, You can't censor people's dreams.
Once a wise individual said, I have been all things unholy. If God can work through me, he can work through anyone.
Once a wise individual said, Ultimately we know deeply that the other side of every fear is freedom.
Once a wise individual said, By polluting clear water with slime you will never find good drinking water.
Once a wise individual said, I did not want to be a tree, a flower or a wave. In a dancer's body, we as audience must see ourselves, not the imitated behavior of everyday actions, not the phenomenon of nature, not exotic creatures from another planet, but something of the miracle that is a human being.
Once a wise individual said, My grandmother is this amazingly theatrical woman. She acted like a movie star, as far as looks and attitude, kind of like Susan Hayward.
Once a wise individual said, Just as modern mass production requires the standardization of commodities, so the social process requires standardization of man, and this standardization is called equality.
Once a wise individual said, Far from wishing to awaken the artist in the pupil prematurely, the teacher considers it his first task to make him a skilled artisan with sovereign control of his craft.
Once a wise individual said, All war is based on deception.
Once a wise individual said, I see humanity now as one vast plant, needing for its highest fulfillment only love, the natural blessings of the great outdoors, and intelligent crossing and selection.
Once a wise individual said, One death is a tragedy one million is a statistic.
Once a wise individual said, For every successful actor or actress, there are countless numbers who don't make it. The name of the game is rejection. You go to an audition and you're told you're too tall or you're too Irish or your nose is not quite right. You're rejected for your education, you're rejected for this or that and it's really tough.
Once a wise individual said, On 'Into The Wild' I spent months risking my life and on 'Speed Racer' I spent 60 days acting in front of a green screen. No danger to my physical self, but I sure had to use my imagination.
Once a wise individual said, I really would love to do a piece like Julia Roberts or Charlize Theron in 'Erin Brockovich' or 'North Country.' They were both so amazing and so inspiring. I would love to touch someone in the way their performances touched me.
Once a wise individual said, And that's how we build the economy of the future. An economy with more jobs and less debt, we root it in fairness. We grow it with opportunity. And we build it together.
Once a wise individual said, A liar will not be believed, even when he speaks the truth.
Once a wise individual said, When I take my kids out for dinner or lunch, people smile at us.
Once a wise individual said, Unless India stands up to the world, no one will respect us. In this world, fear has no place. Only strength respects strength.
Once a wise individual said, My grandfather, along with Carnegie, was a pioneer in philanthropy, which my father then practiced on a very large scale.
Once a wise individual said, I hope that no more groans of wounded men and women will ever go to the ear of the Great Spirit Chief above, and that all people may be one people.
Once a wise individual said, To be able to sit in Donald Trump's apartment and talk about the future of corporate real estate was amazing.
Once a wise individual said, I'm scared to death of being poor. It's like a fat girl who loses 500 pounds but is always fat inside. I grew up poor and will always feel poor inside. It's my pet paranoia.
Once a wise individual said, Gold and silver, like other commodities, have an intrinsic value, which is not arbitrary, but is dependent on their scarcity, the quantity of labour bestowed in procuring them, and the value of the capital employed in the mines which produce them.
Once a wise individual said, There is no advertisement as powerful as a positive reputation traveling fast.
Once a wise individual said, From the described experiment it is clear that the mere act of eating, the food even not reaching the stomach, determines the stimulation of the gastric glands.
Once a wise individual said, I have a secret thought from some things I have observed, that God may perhaps design you for some singular service in the world.
Once a wise individual said, The interesting thing is when we design and architect a server, we don't design it for Windows or Linux, we design it for both. We don't really care, as long as we're selling the one the customer wants.
Once a wise individual said, There will always be vain, obsessive people who want to own rare and extraordinary things whatever the cost there will always be people for whom owning beautiful, dangerous animals brings a sense of power and magic.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage is the death of hope.
Once a wise individual said, I'm selfish, impatient, and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I'm out of control, and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
Once a wise individual said, No man is good enough to govern another man without the other's consent.
Once a wise individual said, In a couple, sometimes, one or both people have to give up their personal life, dreams and ambitions for the good of the family.
Once a wise individual said, If you really want to improve technology, if you want things to work better and be better, you've got to protect the person who spends a lot of effort, money, and time developing that new technology.
Once a wise individual said, I wanted to be a great white hunter, a prospector for gold, or a slave trader. But then, when I was eight, my parents sent me to a boarding school in South Africa. It was the equivalent of a British public school with cold showers, beatings and rotten food. But what it also had was a library full of books.
Once a wise individual said, I've been working on my relationship with my parents and my sister over the years.
Once a wise individual said, Politics is not about power.
Once a wise individual said, The nice thing about the gallery shows is that without having to pay any money you can just go and see it.
Once a wise individual said, I got to experience soccer at the highest level at a young age I decided I wanted to be part of that for as long as possible.
Once a wise individual said, We are selling dreams. We are merchants of happiness.
Once a wise individual said, Love, work, and knowledge are the wellsprings of our lives, they should also govern it.
Once a wise individual said, Those little nimble musicians of the air, that warble forth their curious ditties, with which nature hath furnished them to the shame of art.
Once a wise individual said, Health consists of having the same diseases as one's neighbors.
Once a wise individual said, Seek freedom and become captive of your desires. Seek discipline and find your liberty.
Once a wise individual said, Birds have wings they're free they can fly where they want when they want. They have the kind of mobility many people envy.
Once a wise individual said, I don't even know what words to use to talk about the music industry anymore. But the business has changed a lot - the methods of releasing music.
Once a wise individual said, It's not enough that I should succeed - others should fail.
Once a wise individual said, The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.
Once a wise individual said, Middle age is when you're sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isn't for you.
Once a wise individual said, I have a 6-year-old, and his thing is to turn on Radio Disney in the car, and I get such an allergic reaction to listening to that music and the context into which it falls. I'm really working on him about that.
Once a wise individual said, We are just fanatics about using the technology to make it all wonderful. We laughed at the fact that we were having such a great time working this way.
Once a wise individual said, The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through.
Once a wise individual said, Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
Once a wise individual said, I believe that my clothes can give people a better image of themselves - that it can increase their feelings of confidence and happiness.
Once a wise individual said, To be here today is just beyond my wildest dreams.
Once a wise individual said, I can tell you that too much money is corrupting American politics. Don't blame the American public. The U.S. Supreme Court has a lot to answer for, because it has made it impossible for Congress to reduce the corrupting influence of money on American political life.
Once a wise individual said, It is always a disappointment to turn from forthright consideration of some subject - whether from the Left or the Right, a poet or a plumber - to the Beltway version, in which the only aspects of the issue that matter are the effects it will have on the fortunes of the two parties and the various men in power.
Once a wise individual said, I think actors are getting so much more power these days, but I'm not. I stay very much away from the decisions, the way in which things are orchestrated, what's been changed. I just try to stay completely in the role as the actor and as the character.
Once a wise individual said, Everyone will tell you how rigid I am, but a teacher has to be flexible. You can't cut the student to your cloth you have to cut yourself to theirs.
Once a wise individual said, Knowledge is a polite word for dead but not buried imagination.
Once a wise individual said, Follow the path of the unsafe, independent thinker. Expose your ideas to the dangers of controversy. Speak your mind and fear less the label of 'crackpot' than the stigma of conformity. And on issues that seem important to you, stand up and be counted at any cost.
Once a wise individual said, I've long been really intrigued with what is the... proper role of faith and religion in public life.
Once a wise individual said, I think Jersey stands alone, and because I'm from Jersey, I never make fun of where people are from. I'll make fun of what they look like, but I'll never make fun of where they are from. Jersey is special.
Once a wise individual said, People who refuse to rest honorably on their laurels when they reach retirement age seem very admirable to me.
Once a wise individual said, I think the institution of marriage is a great idea, but for me it's just an idea.
Once a wise individual said, If we continue to develop our technology without wisdom or prudence, our servant may prove to be our executioner.
Once a wise individual said, Formerly, when religion was strong and science weak, men mistook magic for medicine now, when science is strong and religion weak, men mistake medicine for magic.
Once a wise individual said, I love vampire stories. That's why I did the movie. Women especially were taken with that movie-even more so when it came out on video.
Once a wise individual said, Women of the working class, especially wage workers, should not have more than two children at most. The average working man can support no more and and the average working woman can take care of no more in decent fashion.
Once a wise individual said, I'm worried about that man or woman sitting around - the coffee table tonight or in their kitchen talking about how are we going to get to work. How are we going to have the dignity to take care of our family.
Once a wise individual said, It is a sign of a dull nature to occupy oneself deeply in matters that concern the body for instance, to be over much occupied about exercise, about eating and drinking, about easing oneself, about sexual intercourse.
Once a wise individual said, Love and esteem are the first principles of friendship it is always imperfect if either of these two are wanting.
Once a wise individual said, While negativity is politically useful, it is also demoralizing unless it is accompanied - and to some extent overshadowed - by elevated and inspiring ideas about the American future.
Once a wise individual said, You know, what 'New Girl' is doing is they're bringing in really cool people. These are home-run people who aren't your typical guest-star-type people.
Once a wise individual said, Movies absorb our attention more completely, I think.
Once a wise individual said, I have many times asked myself whether there can be more potent advocates of peace upon earth through the years to come than this massed multitude of silent witnesses to the desolation of war.
Once a wise individual said, For me, great music doesn't just have to fall into one category or one genre and I love appreciating all kinds of music.
Once a wise individual said, Become an internationalist and learn to respect all life. Make war on machines. And in particular the sterile machines of corporate death and the robots that guard them.
Once a wise individual said, I have not been that wise. Health I have taken for granted. Love I have demanded, perhaps too much and too often. As for money, I have only realized its true worth when I didn't have it.
Once a wise individual said, Central authority is bad. The bias should be for freedom. And without a central authority, there are lots of little authorities, and we learn which ones to trust.
Once a wise individual said, Americans need never fear their government because of the advantage of being armed, which the Americans possess over the people of almost every other nation.
Once a wise individual said, If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
Once a wise individual said, The right to happiness is fundamental.
Once a wise individual said, I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.
Once a wise individual said, Lincoln's stature and strength, his intelligence and ambition - in short, all the elements which gave him popularity among men in New Salem, rendered him equally attractive to the fair sex of that village.
Once a wise individual said, I busted a mirror and got seven years bad luck, but my lawyer thinks he can get me five.
Once a wise individual said, Anytime you ride against the best in the world, it becomes a learning process.
Once a wise individual said, We're getting ready to take over the world. My group of girlfriends - we're renegades.
Once a wise individual said, No man who worships education has got the best out of education... Without a gentle contempt for education no man's education is complete.
Once a wise individual said, The God who existed before any religion counts on you to make the oneness of the human family known and celebrated.
Once a wise individual said, I will end up with someone in the arts. I am positive. I eat, breathe and sleep acting. And I'll end up with someone who is happy staying at home and having me cook supper. But I also really need to be intellectually challenged and stimulated. I want someone bookish, and someone who is passionate.
Once a wise individual said, Here is the amazing thing about Easter the Resurrection Sunday for Christians is this, that Christ in the dying moments on the cross gives us the greatest illustration of forgiveness possible.
Once a wise individual said, You begin saving the world by saving one man at a time all else is grandiose romanticism or politics.
Once a wise individual said, I have always supported measures and principles and not men.
Once a wise individual said, If one could conclude as to the nature of the Creator from a study of his creation it would appear that God has a special fondness for stars and beetles.
Once a wise individual said, You can have great sequences with music, but if you don't have the acting you're bored after 15 minutes. Or not bored, but you're like, 'So what?'
Once a wise individual said, Somebody should tell us, right at the start of our lives, that we are dying. Then we might live life to the limit, every minute of every day. Do it! I say. Whatever you want to do, do it now! There are only so many tomorrows.
Once a wise individual said, Neither left nor right has focused adequately on maternal health.
Once a wise individual said, True science teaches, above all, to doubt and to be ignorant.
Once a wise individual said, My ace in the hole as a human being used to be my capacity for remembering birthdays. I worked at it. Whenever I made a new friend, I made a point of finding out his or her birthday early on, and I would record it in my Filofax calendar.
Once a wise individual said, I think it's best if there's an amendment that goes on the ballot where the people can weigh in. Every time this issue has gone on the ballot, the people have voted to retain the traditional definition of marriage as recently as California in 2008.
Once a wise individual said, In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
Once a wise individual said, Literature for me isn't a workaday job, but something which involves desires, dreams and fantasy.
Once a wise individual said, I was fired at the pinnacle of my career, on my 39th birthday. And in the year that followed, I learned that there are many psychological phases of being 'let go.'
Once a wise individual said, Underlying most arguments against the free market is a lack of belief in freedom itself.
Once a wise individual said, I don't pity any man who does hard work worth doing. I admire him. I pity the creature who does not work, at whichever end of the social scale he may regard himself as being.
Once a wise individual said, There can never be such a thing as a free market, because it is human nature to cheat, monopolize, and buy off others so as to corner the market.
Once a wise individual said, I will not play tug o' war. I'd rather play hug o' war. Where everyone hugs instead of tugs, Where everyone giggles and rolls on the rug, Where everyone kisses, and everyone grins, and everyone cuddles, and everyone wins.
Once a wise individual said, I became a musician so I wouldn't have to get up at 6 in the morning.
Once a wise individual said, I was 20 years old, working as a roofer and a telemarketer and driving a taxi, just barely getting by. A friend of a friend suggested I try acting. I was like, 'Why? What am I going to do? Community theater?' But I took a class, and the teacher thought that I had potential, so I moved to Vancouver and started auditioning.
Once a wise individual said, The first lesson I've learned is that no matter what you do in your life, you have to figure out your own internal rhythms - I mean, what works for you doesn't necessarily work for your friend.
Once a wise individual said, Let's not dismiss or attack individual ideas as being inadequate before we have had a chance to assess their positive effect as part of a whole solution.
Once a wise individual said, I come from a line of self-motivated, determined folk - not grand, not high society, but no-nonsense, family-minded go-getters.
Once a wise individual said, Leaders must invoke an alchemy of great vision.
Once a wise individual said, In the holy city of Mecca, violence of any kind was forbidden. From the moment they left home, pilgrims were not permitted to carry weapons, to swat an insect or speak an angry word, a discipline that introduced them to a new way of living.
Once a wise individual said, Somebody called me a 'bruised romantic' once, and I like that.
Once a wise individual said, It's true, Christmas can feel like a lot of work, particularly for mothers. But when you look back on all the Christmases in your life, you'll find you've created family traditions and lasting memories. Those memories, good and bad, are really what help to keep a family together over the long haul.
Once a wise individual said, What should I have known or written had I been a quiet, mercantile politician or a lord in waiting? A man must travel, and turmoil, or there is no existence.
Once a wise individual said, When thou art at Rome, do as they do at Rome.
Once a wise individual said, What other people may find in poetry or art museums, I find in the flight of a good drive.
Once a wise individual said, The Amen of nature is always a flower.
Once a wise individual said, Love is being stupid together.
Once a wise individual said, The best thing I ever learned from my dad was he knew he wasn't the best of singers, but he always knew he was a great entertainer, and I always thought that was a good concept to bring along, that ultimately acting is an entertainment art and you have to be aware of the fact that you want people to be excited to be watching you.
Once a wise individual said, Particularly for English people, Shakespeare is always at the forefront of both drama and the English language. He's always been there. I can't remember starting school and not learning about him.
Once a wise individual said, I don't trust or love anyone. Because people are so creepy. Creepy creepy creeps. Creeping around. Creeping here and creeping there. Creeping everywhere.
Once a wise individual said, I guess confidence is the only thing that I take from project to project, but I'm always open to learning everybody's style - the director, the actor I'm working with.
Once a wise individual said, Yeah, I've been interested in music since I was a teenager, always writing songs.
Once a wise individual said, Although I am deeply grateful to a great many people, I forgo the temptation of naming them for fear that I might slight any by omission.
Once a wise individual said, When you find peace within yourself, you become the kind of person who can live at peace with others.
Once a wise individual said, Wonder is the basis of worship.
Once a wise individual said, I wake up every morning and I feel like I'm juggling glass balls. I live in Los Angeles, my business is run out of London, and most evenings I'm cuddled up in front of Skype, in my dressing gown, speaking with my studio in London. I travel a lot, my team travel a lot, but I wouldn't have it any other way.
Once a wise individual said, Except among those whose education has been in the minimalist style, it is understood that hasty moral judgments about the past are a form of injustice.
Once a wise individual said, If we help an educated man's daughter to go to Cambridge are we not forcing her to think not about education but about war? - not how she can learn, but how she can fight in order that she might win the same advantages as her brothers?
Once a wise individual said, Mom and Pop were proud of my popularity, but from their point of view, show business was no way to make a living.
Once a wise individual said, Even if you play perfectly, a fault of your opponent's can destroy the entire beauty of the game.
Once a wise individual said, The salvation of this human world lies nowhere else than in the human heart, in the human power to reflect, in human meekness and human responsibility.
Once a wise individual said, I'm very accepting with my age. It's like notches on your belt: experience, wisdom, and a different kind of beauty. There comes a day when you've become comfortable in your skin.
Once a wise individual said, Good courage in a bad affair is half of the evil overcome.
Once a wise individual said, I'm kind of a good girl - and I'm not. I'm a good girl because I really believe in love, integrity, and respect. I'm a bad girl because I like to tease. I know that I have sex appeal in my deck of cards. But I like to get people thinking. That's what the stories in my music do.
Once a wise individual said, My mother carried on and supported us her ambition had been to write poetry and songs.
Once a wise individual said, As a girl, you're supposed to love Sleeping Beauty. I mean, who wants to love Sleeping Beauty when you can be Aladdin?
Once a wise individual said, We do recognise the need to move towards the publication of information showing the progress made by pupils from one stage of their education to another.
Once a wise individual said, I got into acting because my teachers kept nudging me into it. The power a teacher has to influence someone is so great. I can't think of a profession I have more respect for.
Once a wise individual said, Therefore, when I considered this carefully, the contempt which I had to fear because of the novelty and apparent absurdity of my view, nearly induced me to abandon utterly the work I had begun.
Once a wise individual said, Most people have no idea how to politely answer a phone. The English do, and it's been their only major business advantage for the past two centuries.
Once a wise individual said, Don't wait for extraordinary opportunities. Seize common occasions and make them great. Weak men wait for opportunities strong men make them.
Once a wise individual said, Film is such a bizarre vehicle for acting. It's such a bizarre experience. I don't think you ever really get familiar with it. If you do get familiar with it, you're probably not that good anymore.
Once a wise individual said, We must always emphasize research and development of science and mathematics, and I can think of no better way to achieve this than through our future in space.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a modern Muslim. I pray, and if I have a question, I ask someone who is more educated in the religion than me.
Once a wise individual said, I separated from the Southern Baptists when they adopted the discriminatory attitude towards women, because I believe what Paul taught in Galatians that there is no distinction in God's eyes between men and women, slaves and masters, Jews and non-Jews - everybody is created equally in the eyes of God.
Once a wise individual said, I am making amends and seeking forgiveness. My only hope is that some good can come out of my situation.
Once a wise individual said, You can't really be strong until you see a funny side to things.
Once a wise individual said, The secret of long life is double careers. One to about age sixty, then another for the next thirty years.
Once a wise individual said, I chose America as my home because I value freedom and democracy, civil liberties and an open society.
Once a wise individual said, My parents separated when I was four. It wasn't the smoothest of divorces, but then as my mother always says, you can't have a passionate marriage without a passionate divorce.
Once a wise individual said, Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies. If you have a good sense of humor and a good approach to life, that's beautiful.
Once a wise individual said, Let us have but one end in view, the welfare of humanity and let us put aside all selfishness in consideration of language, nationality, or religion.
Once a wise individual said, Against my will, in the course of my travels, the belief that everything worth knowing was known at Cambridge gradually wore off. In this respect my travels were very useful to me.
Once a wise individual said, Even though I didn't get a business degree, I enjoyed learning about economics.
Once a wise individual said, You see, some non-Catholic friends of mine have questioned the depth of my faith because of the fact that I have a good education.
Once a wise individual said, I've noticed a lot of younger artists have less fear of doing different sorts of things, whether it's various types of music, or gallery artists moving between video and sculpture and drawing.
Once a wise individual said, I know acts and I'm not going to name names but these people sold ten million copies the first time and the second album sells three million and it's considered a failure and they're dropped and that's really a shame.
Once a wise individual said, I've run into certain geniuses of individualism - they are very few and far between - who live their lives completely on their own terms they are very powerful and have a great amount of happiness. We all should aspire to that.
Once a wise individual said, Serious poetry deals with the fundamental conflicts that cannot be logically resolved: we can state the conflicts rationally, but reason does not relieve us of them.
Once a wise individual said, Most of us end up with no more than five or six people who remember us. Teachers have thousands of people who remember them for the rest of their lives.
Once a wise individual said, I can't predict the future and I don't have respect for people who try to.
Once a wise individual said, No one is in control of your happiness but you therefore, you have the power to change anything about yourself or your life that you want to change.
Once a wise individual said, Secretly, I wanted to look like Jimi Hendrix, but I could never quite pull it off.
Once a wise individual said, Doing charity work is always cool. It's always a good thing.
Once a wise individual said, Faith which does not doubt is dead faith.
Once a wise individual said, When a dog barks at the moon, then it is religion but when he barks at strangers, it is patriotism!
Once a wise individual said, To get down to the quick of it, respect motivates me - not success.
Once a wise individual said, My family is awesome.
Once a wise individual said, If patience is worth anything, it must endure to the end of time. And a living faith will last in the midst of the blackest storm.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not a power person. I like everyone to be on an equal footing.
Once a wise individual said, The new dynamics between brands and consumers, driven by social media, are proving to be a powerful impetus for change.
Once a wise individual said, In the US, you even lose legal rights if you store your data in a company's machines instead of your own. The police need to present you with a search warrant to get your data from you but if they are stored in a company's server, the police can get it without showing you anything.
Once a wise individual said, The awareness of our own strength makes us modest.
Once a wise individual said, Different people have different styles, but there is an opportunity as a director to be a writer in every moment, with every visual cue and every piece of production design. Everything is a decision, and everything can be obsessed over.
Once a wise individual said, I believe in the America people's ability to govern themselves. If government would just get out of the way and allow them to lead their lives as they choose, they will succeed.
Once a wise individual said, Tennis and golf are best played, not watched.
Once a wise individual said, You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.
Once a wise individual said, It's the continuation of everyone's childhood to see these young children who grow up full of life, full of intelligence, full of a sense of wonder. And within an instant they're gone from this world. It's terrible.
Once a wise individual said, All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.
Once a wise individual said, I dress up a certain way because I respect the music.
Once a wise individual said, A man can be short and dumpy and getting bald but if he has fire, women will like him.
Once a wise individual said, Everyone enjoys doing the kind of work for which he is best suited.
Once a wise individual said, Well, it's very dangerous to project, but it's clear that the existing technology has some more years to go.
Once a wise individual said, Every government must consider the security of the country. That is just part of the responsibilities of any government. But true security can only come out of unity within a country where there are so many ethnic nationalities.
Once a wise individual said, Business, labor and civil society organizations have skills and resources that are vital in helping to build a more robust global community.
Once a wise individual said, You can't test courage cautiously.
Once a wise individual said, I don't try to match wine with food, I just drink what I like. And I think a lot of people are going towards that now, which never used to be in the past.
Once a wise individual said, I probably wouldn't be singing if not for Michael Jackson. When I started singing, I didn't like my tone until my mom put me on to Michael Jackson and Stevie Wonder, so listening to the way they used their instrument helped me get more comfortable with my own.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is something to make us wiser and better, by continually revealing those types of beauty and truth, which God has set in all men's souls.
Once a wise individual said, All great truths begin as blasphemies.
Once a wise individual said, The most fundamental fact about the ideas of the political left is that they do not work. Therefore we should not be surprised to find the left concentrated in institutions where ideas do not have to work in order to survive.
Once a wise individual said, We need to recognise that the whole edifice of our fifth estate, of our journalism, has been built on a foundation of newspaper journalism and that that foundation is crumbling. The management of the media companies will deny that the end is nigh. I hope they are right.
Once a wise individual said, Pugnacity is a form of courage, but a very bad form.
Once a wise individual said, In life and in movies, it's a similar challenge, where you have expectations, and you end up in situations that are not meeting your expectations.
Once a wise individual said, I'm convinced there's a small room in the attic of the Foreign Office where future diplomats are taught to stammer.
Once a wise individual said, I would rather excel in the knowledge of what is excellent, than in the extent of my power and possessions.
Once a wise individual said, Being cool, having a 'cool' energy is just not attractive to me.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom from care and anxiety of mind is a blessing, which I apprehend such people enjoy in higher perfection than most others, and is of the utmost consequence.
Once a wise individual said, Our society is dependent on some precarious mechanisms, and they are very dicey. They can easily collapse.
Once a wise individual said, Quit worrying about your health. It will go away.
Once a wise individual said, I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be.
Once a wise individual said, War should be the politics of last resort. And when we go to war, we should have a purpose that our people understand and support.
Once a wise individual said, Learning another language is not only learning different words for the same things, but learning another way to think about things.
Once a wise individual said, I love doing normal things - movies, shopping, going out with friends, writing, reading, taking hot bubble baths - that's a big one for relaxation. I also love to go to art and history museums.
Once a wise individual said, If history were taught in the form of stories, it would never be forgotten.
Once a wise individual said, Enjoying success requires the ability to adapt. Only by being open to change will you have a true opportunity to get the most from your talent.
Once a wise individual said, If you're happy, if you're feeling good, then nothing else matters.
Once a wise individual said, Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same.
Once a wise individual said, People blame their environment. There is only one person to blame - and only one - themselves.
Once a wise individual said, Half the battle is selling music, not singing it. It's the image, not what you sing.
Once a wise individual said, Truth be told, I'm not an easy man. I can be an entertaining one, though it's been my experience that most people don't want to be entertained. They want to be comforted.
Once a wise individual said, We're a bit flashy, but the music's not one big noise.
Once a wise individual said, Compassion is a call, a demand of nature, to relieve the unhappy as hunger is a natural call for food.
Once a wise individual said, Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
Once a wise individual said, There are two kinds of companies, those that work to try to charge more and those that work to charge less. We will be the second.
Once a wise individual said, No architecture is so haughty as that which is simple.
Once a wise individual said, I wasn't afraid to fail. Something good always comes out of failure.
Once a wise individual said, Perhaps naively I thought people understand what humor was, that it was invented by the human race to cope with the dark areas of life, problems and terrors.
Once a wise individual said, I especially object to having my character assassinated by reference to events from my past which bear absolutely no relationship to the question of who the anthrax killer is.
Once a wise individual said, I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else.
Once a wise individual said, My age and health will never allow me to realize the dream of art I've been pursuing all my life.
Once a wise individual said, My mother was a personal friend of God's. They had ongoing conversations.
Once a wise individual said, I wasn't passionate about food until I'd been cooking for a while. I started long before food became part of the mainstream media. I just wanted to cook, period.
Once a wise individual said, Experience teaches only the teachable.
Once a wise individual said, Television in the '80s was very limited. There was no Food Network.
Once a wise individual said, I am against nature. I don't dig nature at all. I think nature is very unnatural. I think the truly natural things are dreams, which nature can't touch with decay.
Once a wise individual said, In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes so with present time.
Once a wise individual said, The screen is a magic medium. It has such power that it can retain interest as it conveys emotions and moods that no other art form can hope to tackle.
Once a wise individual said, One thing about being successful is that I stopped being afraid of dying. Once you're a star you're dead already. You're embalmed.
Once a wise individual said, I ran for president in order to be able to try to change Washington D.C. from the inside. Our federal government is broken.
Once a wise individual said, Experience comprises illusions lost, rather than wisdom gained.
Once a wise individual said, Life is a game. Money is how we keep score.
Once a wise individual said, Fishing provides that connection with the whole living world. It gives you the opportunity of being totally immersed, turning back into yourself in a good way. A form of meditation, some form of communion with levels of yourself that are deeper than the ordinary self.
Once a wise individual said, My dad was rubbish at all other aspects of his financial life, but he's pretty good at paying the rent.
Once a wise individual said, Love is the joy of the good, the wonder of the wise, the amazement of the Gods.
Once a wise individual said, If being an egomaniac means I believe in what I do and in my art or music, then in that respect you can call me that... I believe in what I do, and I'll say it.
Once a wise individual said, And I'm walking along and we're laughing, kidding, joking, and see he understood the leader, the one we called the leader, had some knowledge of English, although limited.
Once a wise individual said, My mom was tough.
Once a wise individual said, Follow the wisdom of the great actor, James Cagney, you hit your mark, you look the other guy in the eye, and you tell the truth.
Once a wise individual said, The race of mankind would perish did they cease to aid each other. We cannot exist without mutual help. All therefore that need aid have a right to ask it from their fellow-men and no one who has the power of granting can refuse it without guilt.
Once a wise individual said, No power on earth has a right to take our property from us without our consent.
Once a wise individual said, In life we shall find many men that are great, and some that are good, but very few men that are both great and good.
Once a wise individual said, The definition of a modern approach to war is the acknowledgement of individual lives lost.
Once a wise individual said, You can be good at technology and like fashion and art. You can be good at technology and be a jock. You can be good at technology and be a mom. You can do it your way, on your terms.
Once a wise individual said, Christmas lights may be the loneliest thing for me, especially if you mix them up with reindeers and sleighs. I feel alone. I feel isolated. I feel I do not belong.
Once a wise individual said, A man who has been the indisputable favorite of his mother keeps for life the feeling of a conqueror.
Once a wise individual said, The civility which money will purchase, is rarely extended to those who have none.
Once a wise individual said, I've hung out at dozens of playgrounds, bored out of my mind, with not even a look of comfort from disapproving mothers all around me. Either they think I'm a pedophile or a deadbeat dad. That's what I get for being a single dad - suspicious looks at the playground.
Once a wise individual said, Well, you got to remember, bin Laden killed 3,000 Americans and, in some ways, he and his ideology killed tens of thousands of his fellow Muslims, including Pakistanis. I understand that that was provocative and complicated for Pakistan, but only if you accept the idea that he was an acceptable member of Pakistani society.
Once a wise individual said, Who would not give up wit for power and beauty?
Once a wise individual said, Power is like being a lady... if you have to tell people you are, you aren't.
Once a wise individual said, No employer is going to hire robustly until they know what the health care cost is going to be.
Once a wise individual said, Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise, of health.
Once a wise individual said, The impending teacher shortage is the most critical education issue we will face in the next decade.
Once a wise individual said, What students lack in school is an intellectual relationship or conversation with the teacher.
Once a wise individual said, Music has always been my back door to life. It is important for people to find something that excites them. I like the concept that if you do what excites you, you will be rewarded generously, whatever form reward takes, which is not necessarily money.
Once a wise individual said, I was impressed by Hendrix. His attitude was brilliant. Even the way he walked was amazing.
Once a wise individual said, I'm as happy a man as any in the world, for the whole world seems to smile upon me!
Once a wise individual said, Freedom. Freedom of religion. Freedom to speak their mind. Freedom to build a life. And yes, freedom to build a business. With their own hands. This is the essence of the American experience.
Once a wise individual said, South Central is just who I am. Even though I have a nice house, nice family, the rest of my generation is still in South Central L.A. My cousins, my brothers, my sisters, they don't wanna move out.
Once a wise individual said, You know, I can be the happiest man in the world with minimal record success.
Once a wise individual said, Dictionaries are like watches, the worst is better than none and the best cannot be expected to go quite true.
Once a wise individual said, For me, I'm not a jealous person. That's just not my thing. You have to have trust in your relationship.
Once a wise individual said, On the one hand, shopping is dependable: You can do it alone, if you lose your heart to something that is wrong for you, you can return it it's instant gratification and yet something you buy may well last for years.
Once a wise individual said, Human beings are the only animal that thinks they change who they are simply by moving to a different place. Birds migrate, but it's not quite the same thing.
Once a wise individual said, To me, there is no greater act of courage than being the one who kisses first.
Once a wise individual said, I don't really like politics that much. And I like the order and simplicity of sports. They have an ending. You can argue with your friends about it, but in the end you still like sports. I almost love the fantasy world of sports more than the real world.
Once a wise individual said, Reading, after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its creative pursuits. Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.
Once a wise individual said, The Republicans need to work on registration and getting out their vote and their early voters and absentees. Grassroots stuff.
Once a wise individual said, Your best is going to change from moment to moment it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick.
Once a wise individual said, Militant feminists are pro-choice because it's their ultimate avenue of power over men. And believe me, to them it is a question of power. It is their attempt to impose their will on the rest of society, particularly on men.
Once a wise individual said, The game of history is usually played by the best and the worst over the heads of the majority in the middle.
Once a wise individual said, Childhood is a tricky business. Usually, something goes wrong.
Once a wise individual said, Sides are being divided now. It's very obvious. So if you're on the other side of the fence, you're suddenly anti-American. It's breeding fear of being on the wrong side.
Once a wise individual said, A word does not frighten the man who, in acting, feels no fear.
Once a wise individual said, Education is a wonderful thing. If you couldn't sign your name you'd have to pay cash.
Once a wise individual said, Science, like art, religion, commerce, warfare, and even sleep, is based on presuppositions.
Once a wise individual said, If the security forces continue to be dominated as they are now by political groups or sects, then the people won't trust in them - and the result will be civil war or fragmentation of the country.
Once a wise individual said, That is ever the way. 'Tis all jealousy to the bride and good wishes to the corpse.
Once a wise individual said, I have always hated celebrities lecturing people on politics. So forgive me. But I am passionate about this country. I am equally passionate about the potential of the people who live here.
Once a wise individual said, Those who write the editorials and those who write the columns, they simply are unaccountable. They're free to impose their cultural politics in the name of freedom of the press.
Once a wise individual said, Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.
Once a wise individual said, Making peace, I have found, is much harder than making war.
Once a wise individual said, The travel writer seeks the world we have lost - the lost valleys of the imagination.
Once a wise individual said, In Hollywood a marriage is a success if it outlasts milk.
Once a wise individual said, I always had a standard of, back when I was doing the country music I always told people I would never record a song that I wouldn't sit down and sing in front of my mom and dad.
Once a wise individual said, Busted is not the ideal band I'd like to be in by any stretch of the imagination.
Once a wise individual said, Common sense and history tell you that rewarding illegal behavior will only encourage more of it.
Once a wise individual said, Humble souls are fearful of their own strength.
Once a wise individual said, This may sound strange but I had dreams as a kid of doing exactly what I ended up doing in my life.
Once a wise individual said, Man learns through experience, and the spiritual path is full of different kinds of experiences. He will encounter many difficulties and obstacles, and they are the very experiences he needs to encourage and complete the cleansing process.
Once a wise individual said, It is best to love wisely, no doubt but to love foolishly is better than not to be able to love at all.
Once a wise individual said, I hate Iran. I hate the Iranian government. It's a cruel and evil government.
Once a wise individual said, He passes from lyric to epic poetry in order to speak about the world and the torment in the world through man, rationally and emotionally. The poet then becomes a danger.
Once a wise individual said, Life's a fight. It's a good fight of faith.
Once a wise individual said, Say and do something positive that will help the situation it doesn't take any brains to complain.
Once a wise individual said, It is with an old love as it is with old age a man lives to all the miseries, but is dead to all the pleasures.
Once a wise individual said, Cambodia possesses now the rights to look far into the future and everything for making a future construction is waiting for the Cambodian own efforts.
Once a wise individual said, The sad part about our past is that religions, ironically enough, are responsible for creating the most destructive idea that has ever been visited upon the human race: the idea that there is such a thing as 'better.'
Once a wise individual said, Man is unique not because he does science, and his is unique not because he does art, but because science and art equally are expressions of his marvelous plasticity of mind.
Once a wise individual said, I don't believe in fad diets.
Once a wise individual said, The beauty, the poetry of the fear in their eyes. I didn't mind going to jail for, what, five, six hours? It was absolutely worth it.
Once a wise individual said, The best part of beauty is that which no picture can express.
Once a wise individual said, I began to speak well at a very advanced age - 15, 16, 17 years old. It was psychological: the trauma of war, my family and growing up on my own. I was more or less a street kid.
Once a wise individual said, We should face reality and our past mistakes in an honest, adult way. Boasting of glory does not make glory, and singing in the dark does not dispel fear.
Once a wise individual said, When men don't fear God, they give themselves to evil.
Once a wise individual said, The good news is that, according to the Obama administration, the rich will pay for everything. The bad news is that, according to the Obama administration, you're rich.
Once a wise individual said, But I think it's quite clear in my work that my orientation isn't political or doesn't come out of modern politics.
Once a wise individual said, Heaven and hell suppose two distinct species of men, the good and the bad. But the greatest part of mankind float betwixt vice and virtue.
Once a wise individual said, What has become clear from the science is that we cannot burn all of the fossil fuels without creating a very different planet.
Once a wise individual said, A national political campaign is better than the best circus ever heard of, with a mass baptism and a couple of hangings thrown in.
Once a wise individual said, What irritates me is the bland way people go around saying, 'Oh, our attitude has changed. We don't dislike these people any more.' But by the strangest coincidence, they haven't taken away the injustice the laws are still on the books.
Once a wise individual said, If you haven't turned rebel by twenty you've got no heart if you haven't turned establishment by thirty you've got no brains!
Once a wise individual said, Maintaining healthy forests is essential to those who make a living from the land and for those of us who use them for recreational purposes.
Once a wise individual said, I am looking forward to learning at the knee of Paul Ryan. He doesn't strike me as a politician. He strikes me as an economist.
Once a wise individual said, There are a lot of movies I'd like to throw away. That's not to say that I went in with that attitude. Any film I ever started, I went in with all the hope and best intentions in the world, but some films just don't work.
Once a wise individual said, From principles is derived probability, but truth or certainty is obtained only from facts.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes the best lighting of all is a power failure.
Once a wise individual said, So long as men worship the Caesars and Napoleons, Caesars and Napoleons will duly arise and make them miserable.
Once a wise individual said, Liturgy is like a strong tree whose beauty is derived from the continuous renewal of its leaves, but whose strength comes from the old trunk, with solid roots in the ground.
Once a wise individual said, I love huge movies. Not sure I am the guy to make them, but you can rely on me being there watching them.
Once a wise individual said, I travel around the world, experiencing every language, every religion... some places where there's just no reason to smile, because their lives are so difficult.
Once a wise individual said, Whatever government is not a government of laws, is a despotism, let it be called what it may.
Once a wise individual said, Actors work and slave and it is the color of your hair that can determine your fate in the end.
Once a wise individual said, Besides the noble art of getting things done, there is the noble art of leaving things undone. The wisdom of life consists in the elimination of non-essentials.
Once a wise individual said, It did remind me of something out of Greek mythology - the richest king who gets everything he wants, but ultimately his family has a curse on it from the Gods.
Once a wise individual said, Doing linear scans over an associative array is like trying to club someone to death with a loaded Uzi.
Once a wise individual said, In a lot of aspects it's cooler that we don't have a lot of really overly famous people in the band.
Once a wise individual said, Sensible and responsible women do not want to vote. The relative positions to be assumed by man and woman in the working out of our civilization were assigned long ago by a higher intelligence than ours.
Once a wise individual said, My two daughters live on Facebook, and social media is their mode of communication.
Once a wise individual said, For most Americans, Friday afternoons are filled with positive anticipation of the weekend. In Washington, it's where government officials dump stories they want to bury. Good news gets dropped on Monday so bureaucrats can talk about it all week.
Once a wise individual said, There are ways we can go do a better job of educating young moms and dads about the vital role they have as the child's first teacher. I think there are ways in which we can partner with local school districts and states to do a better job to provide nutrition options at school.
Once a wise individual said, Congress is attempting to eviscerate women's health care. Like many women across America, I am outraged.
Once a wise individual said, I was able to do The Saint of Fort Washington, on the relationship between two homeless men.
Once a wise individual said, Think of what happened after 9/11, the minute before there was any assessment, there was glee in the administration because now we can invade Iraq, and so the war drums beat.
Once a wise individual said, My free time at home is usually spent emailing, listening to music, reading and talking on the phone. I wish I was on the phone less, but I have been fortunate to stay in touch with so many incredible friends.
Once a wise individual said, Education is not a problem. Education is an opportunity.
Once a wise individual said, It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.
Once a wise individual said, A woman should be home with the children, building that home and making sure there's a secure family atmosphere.
Once a wise individual said, We have magnificent brains, but we use a great deal of our brilliance to keep ourselves stuck and ignorant, to keep ourselves from not shining. We are so afraid of our beauty and radiance and brilliance because it scared the adults around us when we were children.
Once a wise individual said, I'll always stay connected with Apple. I hope that throughout my life I'll sort of have the thread of my life and the thread of Apple weave in and out of each other, like a tapestry. There may be a few years when I'm not there, but I'll always come back.
Once a wise individual said, My wife and I both come from Irish families. There are two kinds of Irish families: the hitting kind and the kidding kind. If you're fortunate - and both of us are - you come from the kidding kind of Irish family.
Once a wise individual said, The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be.
Once a wise individual said, A student never forgets an encouraging private word, when it is given with sincere respect and admiration.
Once a wise individual said, I never married because there was no need. I have three pets at home which answer the same purpose as a husband. I have a dog which growls every morning, a parrot which swears all afternoon, and a cat that comes home late at night.
Once a wise individual said, When I first left university, I thought about going into the private sector. But I discovered when I went to interview that I could only have a career in the back office, or doing HR. The attitude was, 'My dear lady, you cannot possibly think about going on the board.'
Once a wise individual said, A good writer possesses not only his own spirit but also the spirit of his friends.
Once a wise individual said, I mean, language fascinates me anyway, and different words have different energies and you can change the whole drive of a sentence.
Once a wise individual said, That which today calls itself science gives us more and more information, and indigestible glut of information, and less and less understanding.
Once a wise individual said, All improv turns into anger. All comedy improv basically turns into anger, because that's all people know how to do when they're improvising. If you notice shows that are improvising are generally people yelling at each other.
Once a wise individual said, 'Tis very certain the desire of life prolongs it.
Once a wise individual said, There is no loneliness like that of a failed marriage.
Once a wise individual said, I believe the main solution is to gain the trust of Europe and America and to remove their concerns over the peaceful nature of our nuclear industry and to assure them that there will never be a diversion to military use.
Once a wise individual said, I would fight for my liberty so long as my strength lasted, and if the time came for me to go, the Lord would let them take me.
Once a wise individual said, There is no gilding of setting sun or glamor of poetry to light up the ferocious and endless toil of the farmers' wives.
Once a wise individual said, I have an orthopedic pillow that's made out of a sponge material. I have a plate in my throat, and I have to be careful or I could end up with a bad neck in the morning. That pillow is a must everywhere I go.
Once a wise individual said, I sing a little bit. I got a guitar for my 16th birthday.
Once a wise individual said, Our deeds still travel with us from afar, and what we have been makes us what we are.
Once a wise individual said, The pro athlete is a sad tale. He signs a big contract and thinks he's set for life. I didn't think I was set for life, and I don't now. As athletes, we are important, celebrities, in demand and rich. Then we are out of the game and we are not important, not celebrities, not in demand and not rich.
Once a wise individual said, Well, yes, I mean, I think that, you know, my sources suggest that there's a lot of support for the notion that there is a lot of Koran abuse and that it was very much a systematic design, not just an aberration.
Once a wise individual said, At the bottom of education, at the bottom of politics, even at the bottom of religion, there must be for our race economic independence.
Once a wise individual said, No one can avoid aging, but aging productively is something else.
Once a wise individual said, If I wasn't even famous or had any success, I would still wake up and put tons of make-up on, and put on a cool outfit. That's always been who I've been my whole life, so that's never gonna change. I love fashion. I love getting dressed up. I love Halloween, too.
Once a wise individual said, There's something about being with a group of people who become like family that must be needed in society.
Once a wise individual said, My heart hath often been deeply afflicted under a feeling that the standard of pure righteousness is not lifted up to the people by us, as a society, in that clearness which it might have been, had we been as faithful as we ought to be to the teachings of Christ.
Once a wise individual said, You have to find the peace and patience within yourself to be a model and an example to others and not judge.
Once a wise individual said, In fact, the confidence of the people is worth more than money.
Once a wise individual said, Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination.
Once a wise individual said, The president led us into the Iraq war on the basis of unproven assertions without evidence he embraced a radical doctrine of pre-emptive war unprecedented in our history and he failed to build a true international coalition.
Once a wise individual said, Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment.
Once a wise individual said, There's only so far you can take a relationship before you got to get into things that are too serious or over the top.
Once a wise individual said, The excellence of a gift lies in its appropriateness rather than in its value.
Once a wise individual said, We need to decide that we will not go to war, whatever reason is conjured up by the politicians or the media, because war in our time is always indiscriminate, a war against innocents, a war against children.
Once a wise individual said, 'Snow White' is an old fairy tale, so obviously the idea of vanity and obsession with youth is long-standing. With today's science, people have become crazy with trying to move their face around. It's bizarre.
Once a wise individual said, People must insist on the right to say no, to be alone, to stand out from the herd. Creative artists can say all this in their own way and in their own field, by hard, rigorous work.
Once a wise individual said, Victorian architecture in the United States was copied straight from England.
Once a wise individual said, Whoever has trusted a woman has trusted deceivers.
Once a wise individual said, We do not commonly see in a tax a diminution of freedom, and yet it clearly is one.
Once a wise individual said, There are a lot of movies I'd like to throw away. That's not to say that I went in with that attitude. Any film I ever started, I went in with all the hope and best intentions in the world, but some films just don't work.
Once a wise individual said, I wonder if other dogs think poodles are members of a weird religious cult.
Once a wise individual said, It is quite annoying that we have to change the sound we invented just to avoid sounding like people who simply copy us, but... it is flattering and of course challenging.
Once a wise individual said, Love is metaphysical gravity.
Once a wise individual said, President Obama is doing the right thing by offering young immigrants, most often in this country through no action of their own, a chance to live and work openly, free from the fear of deportation.
Once a wise individual said, Music fathoms the sky.
Once a wise individual said, My parents have been incredibly supportive from perhaps the first real independent decision I made to become a vegetarian at 11, which was certainly not consistent with their diet at the time.
Once a wise individual said, Hope is the denial of reality.
Once a wise individual said, Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
Once a wise individual said, The basic assumption of the secular society is that modernity overcomes religion.
Once a wise individual said, How large and varied is the educational bill of fare set before every young gentleman in Great Britain and to judge by the mental stamina it affords him in most cases, what a waste of good food it is!
Once a wise individual said, We have no words for speaking of wisdom to the stupid. He who understands the wise is wise already.
Once a wise individual said, Since 2001, the Patriot Act has provided the means to detect and disrupt terrorist threats against the U.S. Prior to enactment of the law, major legal barriers prevented intelligence, national defense, and law enforcement agencies from working together and sharing information.
Once a wise individual said, Suddenly women's lib had made me feel my life had been wasted.
Once a wise individual said, The main failure of education is that it has not prepared people to comprehend matters concerning human destiny.
Once a wise individual said, Knowledge is invariably a matter of degree: you cannot put your finger upon even the simplest datum and say this we know.
Once a wise individual said, My family... always had the value of the family table and these cultural influences of growing up.
Once a wise individual said, Cyberspace. A consensual hallucination experienced daily by billions of legitimate operators, in every nation, by children being taught mathematical concepts.
Once a wise individual said, I write early in the morning, usually after reading portions of at least half a dozen newspapers on the web.
Once a wise individual said, My grandparents got married at a very young age, and a lot of what I think about marriage is based on their relationship. I watched them over the years and saw how they dealt with everything together, as a team.
Once a wise individual said, A great memory is never made synonymous with wisdom, any more than a dictionary would be called a treatise.
Once a wise individual said, I was always depressed growing up. There wasn't a reason for it, I just was. I was sad and morose. I cried a lot, I wrote a lot, and I read a lot and that was how I dealt with it.
Once a wise individual said, To sit in the shade on a fine day and look upon verdure is the most perfect refreshment.
Once a wise individual said, This is the first age that's ever paid much attention to the future, which is a little ironic since we may not have one.
Once a wise individual said, No one knows 'men' as such, any more than anyone knows 'women,' and if they do generalise they're probably trying to hide their own ignorance. You might know one 'man,' yes, or even lots of individual 'men'.
Once a wise individual said, I have a very vivid imagination.
Once a wise individual said, No marriage can stand up under the strain of incessant association.
Once a wise individual said, I want to be so famous that drag queens will dress like me in parades when I'm dead.
Once a wise individual said, Death and life have their determined appointments riches and honors depend upon heaven.
Once a wise individual said, When someone asks if you'd like cake or pie, why not say you want cake and pie?
Once a wise individual said, It's funny, having the same name as someone. Me, Emma Watson and Emma Stone, the amount of times I've been called Emma Watson or Emma Stone is so funny. It's just 'cause we're all named Emma. None of us look alike.
Once a wise individual said, House Republican leadership have refused to allow a clean minimum wage vote. Close to 15 million Americans will be affected if we did this. Do Republicans really expect a family to live on less than $11,000 a year?
Once a wise individual said, A lot of people these days are not music lovers - they just want to be famous which is a very different thing to what I grew up believing in.
Once a wise individual said, Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age.
Once a wise individual said, I see music as one language. If one musical form eats its own tail, it dies. So it needs to be a mongrel, it needs to be hybridised.
Once a wise individual said, I shall not die of a cold. I shall die of having lived.
Once a wise individual said, I was gone so much in my first marriage. I love the moments when I engage with my youngest daughter now. It's not my thing to sit on the ground and play tea party, but I'll do it because it's a moment that will stick with me forever.
Once a wise individual said, I worked with creative people who were very demanding of me, and they helped me reach performances that I never could have gotten on my own without being pushed and having trust in them. And so I know the best way to get the best performance of an actor, and that's not to coddle them or to baby them. It's to help them it's to push them.
Once a wise individual said, I just can't seem to write songs about peace and love. Yeah right, how do you get that?
Once a wise individual said, Science fiction readers probably have the gene for novelty, and seem to enjoy a cascade of invention as much as a writer enjoys providing one.
Once a wise individual said, The issues that matter to me are the social safety nets for people, health care, middle-class concerns. We need to take care of the middle class and the poor in our country.
Once a wise individual said, To conclude: good journalism is one of the models of good conversation and communication in the wider social context.
Once a wise individual said, I want do some kind of action movie, car chases and explosions.
Once a wise individual said, Nobody until very recently would have thought that their husband was supposed to be their best friend, confidante, intellectual soul mate, co-parent, inspiration.
Once a wise individual said, Knowledge is like money: to be of value it must circulate, and in circulating it can increase in quantity and, hopefully, in value.
Once a wise individual said, It is a good morning exercise for a research scientist to discard a pet hypothesis every day before breakfast. It keeps him young.
Once a wise individual said, Human beings are much bigger than just making money.
Once a wise individual said, I was in a bar and I said to a friend, 'You know, we've become those 40-year-old guys we used to look at and say, 'Isn't it sad?'
Once a wise individual said, A beautiful lady is an accident of nature. A beautiful old lady is a work of art.
Once a wise individual said, If women are supposed to be less rational and more emotional at the beginning of our menstrual cycle when the female hormone is at its lowest level, then why isn't it logical to say that, in those few days, women behave the most like the way men behave all month long?
Once a wise individual said, He who wants to persuade should put his trust not in the right argument, but in the right word. The power of sound has always been greater than the power of sense.
Once a wise individual said, We should be concerned not only about the health of individual patients, but also the health of our entire society.
Once a wise individual said, Much of the social history of the Western world, over the past three decades, has been a history of replacing what worked with what sounded good.
Once a wise individual said, Life and death are one thread, the same line viewed from different sides.
Once a wise individual said, What the Beatles did was something incredible, it was more than what a band could do. We have to give them respect.
Once a wise individual said, There are a lot of conservative people, a lot of moderate people, Republicans, Democrats, in Hollywood. It is just that the conservative people by the nature of the word itself play closer to the vest. They do not go around hot dogging it.
Once a wise individual said, People just want to hear some common sense... and I bring to bear the experience in local government and state government and national government - I was the first woman in history on the Senate Finance Committee - not to mention the diplomatic international experience.
Once a wise individual said, I can't imagine dating a boy, meeting him only outside the home. What's a home and family for if it's not the center of one's life?
Once a wise individual said, What gives me the most hope every day is God's grace knowing that his grace is going to give me the strength for whatever I face, knowing that nothing is a surprise to God.
Once a wise individual said, Joe E. Lewis said, 'Money doesn't buy happiness but it calms the nerves.' And that is how I feel about a film being well-received.
Once a wise individual said, I wake up every day with a smile on my face.
Once a wise individual said, Feeling is the consciousness of the resulting conditions - of success, failure, equilibrium, compromise or balance, in this continuous rivalry of ideas.
Once a wise individual said, Somewhere in my wildest childhood I must have done something right. Being able to make a boyhood dream come true is one thing, but to have a kid come along and thrill his dad like Brett Hull has thrilled me over his career is too much for one guy to handle.
Once a wise individual said, One is not idle because one is absorbed. There is both visible and invisible labor. To contemplate is to toil, to think is to do. The crossed arms work, the clasped hands act. The eyes upturned to Heaven are an act of creation.
Once a wise individual said, The idea of regretting not doing this seemed insane to me. Sitting in the corner at a bar at age 60, saying: 'I could've been Bond. Buy me a drink.' That's the saddest place I could be. At least now at 60 I can say: 'I was Bond. Now buy me a drink.'
Once a wise individual said, The figure a poem makes. It begins in delight and ends in wisdom... in a clarification of life - not necessarily a great clarification, such as sects and cults are founded on, but in a momentary stay against confusion.
Once a wise individual said, If there is no God, everything is permitted.
Once a wise individual said, Either war is obsolete, or men are.
Once a wise individual said, We're one of the forces that causes actors to fasten seat belts before they take off chasing the bad guy in the car... or removes some of the cigarette smoking on television.
Once a wise individual said, God will never give you anything you can't handle, so don't stress.
Once a wise individual said, I've been called many names like perfectionist, difficult and obsessive. I think it takes obsession, takes searching for the details for any artist to be good.
Once a wise individual said, No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth.
Once a wise individual said, I love to go to Washington - if only to be near my money.
Once a wise individual said, Seeing that a Pilot steers the ship in which we sail, who will never allow us to perish even in the midst of shipwrecks, there is no reason why our minds should be overwhelmed with fear and overcome with weariness.
Once a wise individual said, I was a postman one Christmas and I developed a morbid fear of dogs.
Once a wise individual said, The secret to humor is surprise.
Once a wise individual said, My mother was the first woman in the county in Indiana where we were born, in Jay County, to have a college degree. She was educated as a pianist and she wanted to concertize, but when the war came she was married, had a family, so she started teaching.
Once a wise individual said, Rank does not confer privilege or give power. It imposes responsibility.
Once a wise individual said, Friendship is a disinterested commerce between equals love, an abject intercourse between tyrants and slaves.
Once a wise individual said, Sorrow can be alleviated by good sleep, a bath and a glass of wine.
Once a wise individual said, The role of the intelligence - that part of us which affirms and denies and formulates opinions is merely to submit.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage is not about age it's about finding the right person.
Once a wise individual said, 'Handsome' means many things to many people. If people consider me handsome, I feel flattered - and have my parents to thank for it. Realistically, it doesn't hurt to be good-looking, especially in this business.
Once a wise individual said, My advice to people today is as follows: if you take the game of life seriously, if you take your nervous system seriously, if you take your sense organs seriously, if you take the energy process seriously, you must turn on, tune in, and drop out.
Once a wise individual said, Often the difference between a successful person and a failure is not one has better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to bet on one's ideas, to take a calculated risk - and to act.
Once a wise individual said, We all like to forgive, and love best not those who offend us least, nor who have done most for us, but those who make it most easy for us to forgive them.
Once a wise individual said, I'm Jewish. I don't work out. If God had wanted us to bend over, He would have put diamonds on the floor.
Once a wise individual said, We all of us deserve happiness or none of us does.
Once a wise individual said, I go to Saint Barth in the French West Indies for two weeks each year. That place is amazing. Amazing people, beautiful beaches, great wine, wonderful harbors... It's incredibly romantic.
Once a wise individual said, Life is better than death, I believe, if only because it is less boring, and because it has fresh peaches in it.
Once a wise individual said, I went to a football school, which meant that I went to a university that served up education and was simultaneously operating a sports franchise.
Once a wise individual said, I mean, why am I considered an 'it girl?' Because I'm in a lot of movies right now or am on the covers of magazines? I just hope there is something solid behind that. Because here's the thing with 'it girl' status. It's great and amazing that anybody is saying that at all. But how long does that last?
Once a wise individual said, Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor.
Once a wise individual said, You don't change the course of history by turning the faces of portraits to the wall.
Once a wise individual said, How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.
Once a wise individual said, Satire doesn't effect change.
Once a wise individual said, Wherever you write is supposed to be a little bit of a refuge, a place where you can get away from the world. The more closed in you are, the more you're forced back on your own imagination.
Once a wise individual said, Society cannot share a common communication system so long as it is split into warring factions.
Once a wise individual said, A religious man is a person who holds God and man in one thought at one time, at all times, who suffers harm done to others, whose greatest passion is compassion, whose greatest strength is love and defiance of despair.
Once a wise individual said, People say I'm extravagant because I want to be surrounded by beauty. But tell me, who wants to be surrounded by garbage?
Once a wise individual said, Logic: The art of thinking and reasoning in strict accordance with the limitations and incapacities of the human misunderstanding.
Once a wise individual said, Listen once in a while. It's amazing what you can hear.
Once a wise individual said, Marrying an old bachelor is like buying second-hand furniture.
Once a wise individual said, Thankfully, I have my mom and a small group of close friends who are there for me 24/7 and whom I can trust and depend on.
Once a wise individual said, A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them.
Once a wise individual said, I dislike feeling at home when I am abroad.
Once a wise individual said, I don't trust what this life has given me.
Once a wise individual said, Don't ever let economic alone determine your career or how you spend the majority of your time.
Once a wise individual said, Neatness begets order but from order to taste there is the same difference as from taste to genius, or from love to friendship.
Once a wise individual said, People live longer today than they ever have. They live happier lives, have more knowledge, more information. All this is the result of communications technology. How is any of that bad?
Once a wise individual said, That's why I do this music business thing, it's communication with people without having the extreme inconvenience of actually phoning anybody up.
Once a wise individual said, Perfection of means and confusion of ends seem to characterize our age.
Once a wise individual said, Teachers can change lives with just the right mix of chalk and challenges.
Once a wise individual said, Fear has many eyes and can see things underground.
Once a wise individual said, Use state-of-the-heart technology online and offline to turn listeners into viral advocates and customers into raving fans.
Once a wise individual said, When you think of it I haven't really done a lot of horror. It's amazing: I have done some really good ones, but I haven't done a lot of them.
Once a wise individual said, I made a real specific decision when I came out of school and most artists were writing about home - if you were a woman, you were writing about being a woman - and I decided not to do that, write about what you know. That's not what I do. I went as far away from home as possible in terms of the development of my imagination.
Once a wise individual said, The special relationship between the region and a regional celebrity means that people feel that they have a special investment in you.
Once a wise individual said, I'd probably be famous now if I wasn't such a good waitress.
Once a wise individual said, We must look for ways to be an active force in our own lives. We must take charge of our own destinies, design a life of substance and truly begin to live our dreams.
Once a wise individual said, Success comes when people act together failure tends to happen alone.
Once a wise individual said, People always say that pregnant women have a glow. And I say it's because you're sweating to death.
Once a wise individual said, The enemy is not just terrorism. It is the threat posed specifically by Islamist terrorism, by Bin Ladin and others who draw on a long tradition of extreme intolerance within a minority strain of Islam that does not distinguish politics from religion, and distorts both.
Once a wise individual said, I know of no way of judging the future but by the past.
Once a wise individual said, I have the strength to endure it all.
Once a wise individual said, Buyers decide in the first eight seconds of seeing a home if they're interested in buying it. Get out of your car, walk in their shoes and see what they see within the first eight seconds.
Once a wise individual said, The failure of the White House and Congress to seriously address the nation's fiscal situation is certain to broaden the belief among many voters that the U.S. political system is broken.
Once a wise individual said, The act is unjustifiable that either begs for a blessing, or, having succeeded gives no thanksgiving.
Once a wise individual said, Today, over half of China's undergraduate degrees are in math, science technology and engineering, yet only 16 percent of America's undergraduates pursue these schools.
Once a wise individual said, What is human warfare but just this an effort to make the laws of God and nature take sides with one party.
Once a wise individual said, My family were from Jamaica.
Once a wise individual said, Musicians can run this state better than politicians. We won't get a lot done in the mornings, but we'll work late and be honest.
Once a wise individual said, When I was in N.W.A. and didn't get paid all the money I was owed, that's when the business side of showbiz hit me.
Once a wise individual said, I keep my ideals, because in spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart.
Once a wise individual said, My second marriage had a lot to do with alcohol.
Once a wise individual said, No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new.
Once a wise individual said, And as a character, what I found very inspiring about playing Dharma, especially at that time, is that the women on television were more neurotic than they were free. And I thought, this is a rare bird and this is unique on television and I think it's really refreshing.
Once a wise individual said, Remember my first tenet in getting dressed is how you feel in the morning. So if you're not being true blue to that, it usually shows.
Once a wise individual said, There are only two things. Truth and lies. Truth is indivisible, hence it cannot recognize itself anyone who wants to recognize it has to be a lie.
Once a wise individual said, Our ability to find humor in the world, to make connections between previously unconnected notions, to create new ideas, to share in a common culture: All these essentially human acts depend on memory.
Once a wise individual said, Even the highest forms of sacrificial worship present much that is repulsive to modern ideas, and in particular it requires an effort to reconcile our imagination to the bloody ritual which is prominent in almost every religion which has a strong sense of sin.
Once a wise individual said, If you try to bring 'teen drama,' you end up doing nothing but pouting.
Once a wise individual said, To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best.
Once a wise individual said, The mark of a good marriage is partnership and continuing to feel inspired by your spouse. I had that with Tao. But the end is not necessarily the tragedy. Staying in a relationship that is no longer working is the tragedy. Living unhappily - that's the tragedy.
Once a wise individual said, I understand now that the vulnerability I've always felt is the greatest strength a person can have. You can't experience life without feeling life. What I've learned is that being vulnerable to somebody you love is not a weakness, it's a strength.
Once a wise individual said, Books were my pass to personal freedom. I learned to read at age three, and soon discovered there was a whole world to conquer that went beyond our farm in Mississippi.
Once a wise individual said, The best measure of a man's honesty isn't his income tax return. It's the zero adjust on his bathroom scale.
Once a wise individual said, If it is wrong for you to take money from someone else who earned it, to take their money by force for your own needs, then it is certainly just as wrong for you to demand that the government step forward and do this dirty work for you.
Once a wise individual said, My dad has no control over who works with me. Me, me and me alone has to take responsibility for anything.
Once a wise individual said, Well, you know what? The actor still gets up in the morning, if he's still got something to work with, you go out there and you do it. Never quit!
Once a wise individual said, My mother isolated herself from all family and friends for some 20 years. And never met her grandchild, my son.
Once a wise individual said, It was actually a women's writing group I belonged to in graduate school that gave me the courage to move from poetry to fiction.
Once a wise individual said, I've always said that one night, I'm going to find myself in some field somewhere, I'm standing on grass, and it's raining, and I'm with the person I love, and I know I'm at the very point I've been dreaming of getting to.
Once a wise individual said, It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help.
Once a wise individual said, 'Harry Potter' gave me back self respect. Harry gave me a job to do that I loved more than anything else.
Once a wise individual said, Of all the important relationships that Australia has with other countries, none has been more greatly transformed over the last 10 years than our relationship with China.
Once a wise individual said, The indispensable first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
Once a wise individual said, I believe that London is the most exciting food city in Europe.
Once a wise individual said, As you grow in this business, you learn how to do more with less.
Once a wise individual said, Lots of people there seemed to be in denial, in absolute denial, of death - everybody's pretending that death doesn't happen in L.A. if you do enough exercise and take enough wheatgrass and have your pill every day, you might not die.
Once a wise individual said, All gardening is landscape painting.
Once a wise individual said, In mid-May, the House of Representatives approved the full amount of money that the Veterans Administration said was needed for next year - plus an additional $1 billion increase for veterans' health care.
Once a wise individual said, The dangers of a concentration of all power in the general government of a confederacy so vast as ours are too obvious to be disregarded.
Once a wise individual said, Sometimes I feel like rap music is almost the key to stopping racism.
Once a wise individual said, Initially, it was the unpractical in fashion that brought me to design my own line. I felt that it was much more attractive to cut clothes with respect for the living, three-dimensional body rather than to cover the body with decorative ideas.
Once a wise individual said, If you are young and you drink a great deal it will spoil your health, slow your mind, make you fat - in other words, turn you into an adult.
Once a wise individual said, A satisfied customer is the best business strategy of all.
Once a wise individual said, Opinion is the medium between knowledge and ignorance.
Once a wise individual said, Motherhood is a great honor and privilege, yet it is also synonymous with servanthood. Every day women are called upon to selflessly meet the needs of their families. Whether they are awake at night nursing a baby, spending their time and money on less-than-grateful teenagers, or preparing meals, moms continuously put others before themselves.
Once a wise individual said, To be misunderstood can be the writer's punishment for having disturbed the reader's peace. The greater the disturbance, the greater the possibility of misunderstanding.
Once a wise individual said, Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.
Once a wise individual said, This president has been reluctant to hold anybody accountable. No one was held accountable after September the 11th. Nobody's been held accountable after the clear flaws in intelligence leading up to the war in Iraq.
Once a wise individual said, In the seventies, a group of American artists seized the means not of production but of reproduction. They tore apart visual culture at a time of no money, no market, and no one paying attention except other artists. Vietnam and Watergate had happened everything in America was being questioned.
Once a wise individual said, You better take advantage of the good cigars. You don't get much else in that job.
Once a wise individual said, Politics... have always been the systematic organization of hatreds.
Once a wise individual said, I was surrounded by strong women so it had never even occurred to me that women were anything other than equal to men.
Once a wise individual said, The same people who can deny others everything are famous for refusing themselves nothing.
Once a wise individual said, Listen there's a hell of a good universe next door: let's go.
Once a wise individual said, China, in the future, is going to have even more nuclear capability than it has had in the past. I don't believe that they have anything to fear from the United States, and I frankly don't believe they do fear the United States.
Once a wise individual said, That deep emotional conviction of the presence of a superior reasoning power, which is revealed in the incomprehensible universe, forms my idea of God.
Once a wise individual said, Dear motorist on the information superhighway. I'm sorry I do not have a car.
Once a wise individual said, Well, the first thing is that truth and power for me form an antithesis, an antagonism, which will hardly ever be resolved. I can define in fact, can simplify the history of human society, the evolution of human society, as a contest between power and freedom.
Once a wise individual said, Music is the greatest communication in the world. Even if people don't understand the language that you're singing in, they still know good music when they hear it.
Once a wise individual said, One of the peculiar sins of the twentieth century which we've developed to a very high level is the sin of credulity. It has been said that when human beings stop believing in God they believe in nothing. The truth is much worse: they believe in anything.
Once a wise individual said, Words derive their power from the original word.
Once a wise individual said, Natural history is not about producing fables.
Once a wise individual said, In Philadelphia, our public safety, poverty reduction, health and economic development all start with education. We can't grow the middle class if we don't give our kids the tools they need to innovate and invent.
Once a wise individual said, The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
Once a wise individual said, I wouldn't be where I am today without the amazing public arts education that I had.
Once a wise individual said, If a man can bridge the gap between life and death, if he can live on after he's dead, then maybe he was a great man.
Once a wise individual said, It is not patriotic to commit young Americans to war unless our national security clearly requires it.
Once a wise individual said, I'm like the kid in kindergarten I really do send valentines to everyone.
Once a wise individual said, You see people who have been very heavy in their life who have taken that body, trimmed it down, firmed it up through discipline, exercise and being able to say no. Eating properly, that all comes into it.
Once a wise individual said, What the caterpillar calls the end of the world the master calls a butterfly.
Once a wise individual said, If we define an American fascist as one who in case of conflict puts money and power ahead of human beings, then there are undoubtedly several million fascists in the United States.
Once a wise individual said, Ideas shape the course of history.
Once a wise individual said, Jogging is very beneficial. It's good for your legs and your feet. It's also very good for the ground. If makes it feel needed.
Once a wise individual said, Two or three notes of music can instantly make you feel sad or tense or afraid or angry. To do that in words is much more difficult.
Once a wise individual said, Knowledge will give you power, but character respect.
Once a wise individual said, Life expectancy in many parts of Africa can be something around the age of thirty five to thirty eight. I mean you're very fortunate if you live to that age. In fact when I went to Uganda for the first time one of the things that occurred to me was that I saw very few elderly people.
Once a wise individual said, The only thing that mattered was what you were to do in life, and it wasn't about money. It was about teaching, or learning.
Once a wise individual said, Microsoft isn't evil, they just make really crappy operating systems.
Once a wise individual said, It's always flattering when somebody you really respect and like wants you to be involved in their project - let alone writes a part with your voice in mind.
Once a wise individual said, I love photo sessions. I'm alone, I'm the queen, everyone's taking care of me.
Once a wise individual said, No real social change has ever been brought about without a revolution... revolution is but thought carried into action.
Once a wise individual said, When my mom ran for the Senate, my dad was there for her every step of the way. I can still hear her saying in her beautiful voice, 'Why should women have any less say than men, about the great decisions facing our nation?'
Once a wise individual said, You make mistakes, but I don't have any regrets. I'm the kind of person who takes responsibility for it and deals with it. I learn from everything I do. I work very hard, I have so many things going on in my life. Get to know me and see who I am.
Once a wise individual said, I love Canada. It's a wonderful political act of faith that exists atop a breathtakingly beautiful land.
Once a wise individual said, When it is a question of money, everybody is of the same religion.
Once a wise individual said, Canadians know that the promise of a recession didn't happen because of anything we did here. If you look at all the causes of the recession, problems in mortgage markets, the problems in the banking sector, the problems in government finance in countries like Greece, none of those problems were in present Canada.
Once a wise individual said, Right now people seem to be very tentative about the positive benefits of capitalism.
Once a wise individual said, There is no act of treachery or meanness of which a political party is not capable for in politics there is no honour.
Once a wise individual said, A good boss makes his men realize they have more ability than they think they have so that they consistently do better work than they thought they could.
Once a wise individual said, Love never dies of starvation, but often of indigestion.
Once a wise individual said, There was just this amazing individuality. It's just a whole different world of optimism and fearlessness, women taking off their bras and dancing around naked, and a political hopefulness and involvement.
Once a wise individual said, Being a kid and growing up is such a cool part of life.
Once a wise individual said, The game of life is a game of boomerangs. Our thoughts, deeds and words return to us sooner or later with astounding accuracy.
Once a wise individual said, If you don't like my movies, don't watch them.
Once a wise individual said, There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God.
Once a wise individual said, Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Peace Corps as it reached its 45th anniversary on March 1, 2006.
Once a wise individual said, Restore human legs as a means of travel. Pedestrians rely on food for fuel and need no special parking facilities.
Once a wise individual said, The old fun thing is when somebody typed up the first chapter of War and Peace. And then made a precis of the rest of it and sent it out and only one publisher recognized it.
Once a wise individual said, A new untruth is better than an old truth.
Once a wise individual said, I couldn't find the sports car of my dreams, so I built it myself.
Once a wise individual said, All change is not growth, as all movement is not forward.
Once a wise individual said, If the education and studies of children were suited to their inclinations and capacities, many would be made useful members of society that otherwise would make no figure in it.
Once a wise individual said, When a man's knowledge is not in order, the more of it he has the greater will be his confusion.
Once a wise individual said, It is a mistake to suppose that men succeed through success they much oftener succeed through failures. Precept, study, advice, and example could never have taught them so well as failure has done.
Once a wise individual said, I suppose when they reach a certain age some men are afraid to grow up. It seems the older the men get, the younger their new wives get.
Once a wise individual said, Travel and society polish one, but a rolling stone gathers no moss, and a little moss is a good thing on a man.
Once a wise individual said, Martin Luther King, Jr. didn't carry just a piece of cloth to symbolize his belief in racial equality he carried the American flag.
Once a wise individual said, A journey by Sea and Land, Five Hundred Miles, is not undertaken without money.
Once a wise individual said, Giving every man a vote has no more made men wise and free than Christianity has made them good.
Once a wise individual said, A world community can exist only with world communication, which means something more than extensive short-wave facilities scattered about the globe. It means common understanding, a common tradition, common ideas, and common ideals.
Once a wise individual said, I must uphold my ideals, for perhaps the time will come when I shall be able to carry them out.
Once a wise individual said, His death was the first time that Ed Wynn ever made anyone sad.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not a big fan of Women's Liberation, but maybe it will help women stand up for the respect they're due.
Once a wise individual said, The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.
Once a wise individual said, For the blue-collar worker, the driving force behind change was factory automation using programmable machine tools. For the office worker, it's office automation using computer technology: enterprise-resource-planning systems, groupware, intranets, extranets, expert systems, the Web, and e-commerce.
Once a wise individual said, A man of great common sense and good taste - meaning thereby a man without originality or moral courage.
Once a wise individual said, Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. Genius will not unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not the world is full of educated failures. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent.
Once a wise individual said, My parents were really, really cool about supporting what I wanted to do at a really young age. I think I was about 10 when I caught the bug. They would drive me down to New York if there were auditions. When I was 12, I did this show on Broadway called 'High Society,' so we moved to New York for the run of that.
Once a wise individual said, I know there is a Supreme Being who rules the affairs of men and whose goodness and mercy have always followed the American people, and I know He will not turn from us now if we humbly and reverently seek His powerful aid.
Once a wise individual said, I don't know if this is too weird to say, but this is completely surreal for me. Bizarre. The cover of 'Teen Vogue' has been on my bucket list forever.
Once a wise individual said, I pray they will carry on in spite of that dreadful monster prejudice, and with patience, courage, fortitude and perseverance achieve success for themselves.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think I was funny until college. I lived with some Harvard MD/PhD students - they were so smart, and what I contributed to the house was, I was the funny one.
Once a wise individual said, I got to work with Jennifer Tilly, she was amazing. Such, such a smart actress.
Once a wise individual said, It is the patriotic duty of every man to lie for his country.
Once a wise individual said, Most people don't want to talk about politics and religion. They say, 'Let's talk about something else.'
Once a wise individual said, Truth is powerful and it prevails.
Once a wise individual said, The great work must inevitably be obscure, except to the very few, to those who like the author himself are initiated into the mysteries. Communication then is secondary: it is perpetuation which is important. For this only one good reader is necessary.
Once a wise individual said, I would like to spend my next two years showing how the aim of making technology available to every young person can be built into the effort to make our nation more secure. That is my latest concern and what I will be pushing over the next two years.
Once a wise individual said, But the real secret to lifelong good health is actually the opposite: Let your body take care of you.
Once a wise individual said, As much as I value an union of all the states, I would not admit the southern states into the union, unless they agreed to the discontinuance of this disgraceful trade, because it would bring weakness and not strength to the union.
Once a wise individual said, It's not just the kid who's spent every penny from his job to upgrade his car to tell the world he cares about sports cars, it's also the person driving around in a fuel-conscious hybrid electric car, because it's more a message to the world than an effective means of saving fuel, to be quite honest.
Once a wise individual said, Was the real Jesus of history one and the same as the Christ of faith whom we read about in the New Testament and worship in the church? Was Jesus really raised from the dead? Is he really the divine Lord of lords?
Once a wise individual said, I know for me like I have a reputation of being kind of tough, I have a reputation of also being the girl next door, kind of sweet but I have standards and my thing is, it's me on that screen and I don't have control over everything in this and I'm grateful and thankful.
Once a wise individual said, If the Starbucks secret is a smile when you get your latte... ours is that the Web site adapts to the individual's taste.
Once a wise individual said, I was never an ambitious girl, or even a self-confident one. I never went in for beauty pageants or wore a stitch of make-up until I went to Los Angeles.
Once a wise individual said, Our most famous writers are Faulkner and Eudora Welty and Flannery O'Connor. It would make sense that the poetry would reflect some of those same values, some of the same techniques.
Once a wise individual said, Vigorous enforcement of copyrights themselves is an important part of the picture. But I don't think that expanding the legal definition of copyright outside of actual copyright infringement is the right move.
Once a wise individual said, There is no more lively sensation than that of pain its impressions are certain and dependable, they never deceive as may those of the pleasure women perpetually feign and almost never experience.
Once a wise individual said, The only reason we make good role models is because you guys look up to athletes and we can influence you in positive ways. But the real role models should be your parents and teachers!
Once a wise individual said, I think I'm also more open to other writers being present and listening to other opinions, whereas before I was going through my angsty teen years while making records.
Once a wise individual said, Lose your dreams and you might lose your mind.
Once a wise individual said, There's a certain amount of sympathy here for the Bush administration's problem, which is they would like to get rid of Saddam Hussein and they would like to have the Kurds autonomous.
Once a wise individual said, When you're young you have no worries, no drama, only your imagination. It's the best!
Once a wise individual said, Evolution acts slowly. Our psychological characteristics today are those that promoted reproductive success in the ancestral environmen.
Once a wise individual said, Good nature is worth more than knowledge, more than money, more than honor, to the persons who possess it.
Once a wise individual said, To delight in war is a merit in the soldier, a dangerous quality in the captain, and a positive crime in the statesman.
Once a wise individual said, It's hard to say what drives a three year-old, but I think I had a sense that nature was my solace, and nature was a place in which there was beauty, in which there was order.
Once a wise individual said, I shoot people in a way that makes the audience feel equal to them. And it's hard to express and it's hard to execute but I think it works on every level - the choice of the material the choice of the actor, my relationship with the actor, and so on.
Once a wise individual said, In dreams the truth is learned that all good works are done in the absence of a caress.
Once a wise individual said, The only thing I hope I did was never put in question my love for the game, or my passion to be counted on when it mattered most.
Once a wise individual said, I get a little behind during Lent, but it comes out even at Christmas.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not really one of those people who believes that if you're a musician you can just leave that behind and start getting into politics.
Once a wise individual said, I like refried beans. That's why I wanna try fried beans, because maybe they're just as good and we're just wasting time. You don't have to fry them again after all.
Once a wise individual said, I have such happy memories of performing in a choir and I don't think I'd have got where I am today without all that experience. So my advice to young singers is to either join your school or church's choir or find one in your local area. Choral music at any level teaches you so much about musicianship and blending your voice.
Once a wise individual said, I've realized that I'm more important than food is. I love a big slice of pizza, but I love myself more. Being thin is about changing the way you think about yourself. It's about saying that you deserve to be healthy.
Once a wise individual said, We are at our very best, and we are happiest, when we are fully engaged in work we enjoy on the journey toward the goal we've established for ourselves. It gives meaning to our time off and comfort to our sleep. It makes everything else in life so wonderful, so worthwhile.
Once a wise individual said, Amtrak offers riders a cost-effective way to travel throughout the country.
Once a wise individual said, In science one tries to tell people, in such a way as to be understood by everyone, something that no one ever knew before. But in poetry, it's the exact opposite.
Once a wise individual said, Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age.
Once a wise individual said, Now the main areas of higher education that still enjoy considerable financial support from government are subjects like engineering and science and the research ringfence which is the basic minimum to protect Britain's scientific competitiveness.
Once a wise individual said, Please stop teaching my children that everyone gets a trophy just for participating. What is this, the Nobel Prize? Not everybody gets a trophy.
Once a wise individual said, To think the world therefore a general Bedlam, or place of madmen, and oneself a physician, is the most necessary point of present wisdom: an important imagination, and the way to happiness.
Once a wise individual said, Ron Howard is as good a person as you could want to work with on film. He never lost his cool. He's the most easygoing, lovely man, but he's got this enormous intelligence and a wonderful humanity.
Once a wise individual said, To be clear, climate change is a true 800 pound gorilla in the room. The effects of global warming threaten global environmental upheaval over the coming century. But for South Florida and the Everglades, it could be our death knell if urgent action is not taken.
Once a wise individual said, The truth is, I often like women. I like their unconventionality. I like their completeness. I like their anonymity.
Once a wise individual said, I believe in delegating power.
Once a wise individual said, I find fault with my children because I like them and I want them to go places - uprightness and strength and courage and civil respect and anything that affects the probabilities of failure on the part of those that are closest to me, that concerns me - I find fault.
Once a wise individual said, One goes through school, college, medical school and one's internship learning little or nothing about goodness but a good deal about success.
Once a wise individual said, What I enjoy doing more than anything is, I have my little antique car collection, and when the weather is pretty I like to get out one of my old cars. I have a little route I run down in the country, down Nachez Trace Parkway. The loop down through there is just really relaxing, not much traffic.
Once a wise individual said, Even if one is interested only in one's own society, which is one's prerogative, one can understand that society much better by comparing it with others.
Once a wise individual said, No art can be noble which is incapable of expressing thought, and no art is capable of expressing thought which does not change.
Once a wise individual said, Sleep is lovely, death is better still, not to have been born is of course the miracle.
Once a wise individual said, Anyone who wants to sell you overnight success or wealth is not interested in your success they are interested in your money.
Once a wise individual said, I tell you, it's funny because the only time I think about HIV is when I have to take my medicine twice a day.
Once a wise individual said, There are two kinds of people one can call reasonable: those who serve God with all their heart because they know him, and those who seek him with all their heart because they do not know him.
Once a wise individual said, Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.
Once a wise individual said, The whole history of science has been the gradual realization that events do not happen in an arbitrary manner, but that they reflect a certain underlying order, which may or may not be divinely inspired.
Once a wise individual said, A great man is made up of qualities that meet or make great occasions.
Once a wise individual said, Man has lost the capacity to foresee and to forestall. He will end by destroying the earth.
Once a wise individual said, I think things changed as a result of a certain perception of our politics. When we went through our zealous, self-righteous period it didn't exactly win us any friends.
Once a wise individual said, Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy.
Once a wise individual said, What a curious phenomenon it is that you can get men to die for the liberty of the world who will not make the little sacrifice that is needed to free themselves from their own individual bondage.
Once a wise individual said, I'll promise to go easier on drinking and to get to bed earlier, but not for you, fifty thousand dollars, or two-hundred and fifty thousand dollars will I give up women. They're too much fun.
Once a wise individual said, Liberty cannot be preserved without general knowledge among the people.
Once a wise individual said, I grew up watching Steven Spielberg and scary movies.
Once a wise individual said, The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays.
Once a wise individual said, I always wanted what Mom and Dad had.
Once a wise individual said, However many blessings we expect from God, His infinite liberality will always exceed all our wishes and our thoughts.
Once a wise individual said, What Youth deemed crystal, Age finds out was dew.
Once a wise individual said, There are so many funny women in the world, and there has been for so many years, so I'll be happy when people can just move on from that, and things can just be 'comedies' and not 'female' or 'male,' and everyone gets an equal opportunity.
Once a wise individual said, History, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, but if faced with courage, need not be lived again.
Once a wise individual said, I draw flowers every day and send them to my friends so they get fresh blooms every morning.
Once a wise individual said, There's always going to be that pressure when you're in front of the camera. When you're famous it's just an extreme version of reality and there's a pressure to look a certain way.
Once a wise individual said, The courage to be is rooted in the God who appears when God has disappeared in the anxiety of doubt.
Once a wise individual said, If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate.
Once a wise individual said, A Conservative Government is an organized hypocrisy.
Once a wise individual said, I wouldn't say I was the best manager in the business. But I was in the top one.
Once a wise individual said, In prison, inmates sometimes use Cheetos and grape juice as makeup. I wouldn't use that beauty regimen around Britney Spears - she might lick your face off!
Once a wise individual said, We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
Once a wise individual said, Since every man desires happiness, it is evidently no small matter whether he conceives of happiness in terms of work or of enjoyment.
Once a wise individual said, Man, I don't want to have nothing to do with computers. I don't want the government in my business.
Once a wise individual said, I just knew that was what I wanted to do. I was going to perform as a singer I was going to perform as a dancer, and I was, you know, going to do movies and be an actress. I was going to do it or die trying. That's what my life was.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of the music that you listen to now is because of the things that the Meters did, the Neville Brothers did, and they're there, the guys who invented those beats that the guys sample today. Such an enormous opportunity.
Once a wise individual said, Pain is the doorway to wisdom and to truth.
Once a wise individual said, To be intimate with a married man, when my own father cheated on my mother, is not something I could forgive. I could not look at myself in the morning if I did that. I wouldn't be attracted to a man who would cheat on his wife.
Once a wise individual said, The development of beauty in chess never depends on you alone. No matter how much imagination and creativity you invest, you still do not create beauty. Your opponent must react at the same highest level.
Once a wise individual said, Young people in the business have grown up and made the wrong decisions, or bad decisions, and haven't been good role models. To be someone that people look up to is important to me.
Once a wise individual said, The fact is, Bush's war policy has failed. It's failed! Who better to say so than Jack Murtha?
Once a wise individual said, Most of the good executives do pretty well. Because to be a good executive you have to be strong, and you have to have a simple attribute that people have forgotten about - courage.
Once a wise individual said, Sarcasm I now see to be, in general, the language of the devil for which reason I have long since as good as renounced it.
Once a wise individual said, Experience: that most brutal of teachers. But you learn, my God do you learn.
Once a wise individual said, It is the people who can do nothing who find nothing to do, and the secret to happiness in this world is not only to be useful, but to be forever elevating one's uses.
Once a wise individual said, Not only the priceless heritage of our fathers, of our seamen, of our Empire builders is being thrown away in a war that serves no British interests - but our alliance leader Stalin dreams of nothing but the destruction of that heritage of our fathers?
Once a wise individual said, I made a French film called 'Merry Christmas' which is a very European film. It's a World War I piece.
Once a wise individual said, In truth, politeness is artificial good humor, it covers the natural want of it, and ends by rendering habitual a substitute nearly equivalent to the real virtue.
Once a wise individual said, In science, all facts, no matter how trivial or banal, enjoy democratic equality.
Once a wise individual said, During last night's debate, John Kerry and John Edwards were so friendly to each other some political experts think that they may end up running together. In fact Kerry and Edwards were so friendly, President Bush accused them of planning a gay marriage.
Once a wise individual said, When a fellow says, 'It ain't the money but the principle of the thing,' it's the money.
Once a wise individual said, Obama has made America cool again - and more than that, he's made his own brand arguably the most powerful the world has ever known.
Once a wise individual said, The number-one job of the hedge-fund manager is not to make sure that you can retire with a smile on your face - it's for him to retire with a smile on his face.
Once a wise individual said, If you dream of something worth doing and then simply go to work on it and don't think anything of personalities, or emotional conflicts, or of money, or of family distractions it is amazing how quickly you get through those 5,000 steps.
Once a wise individual said, One of the problems with computers, particularly for the older people, is they were befuddled by them, and the computers have gotten better. They have gotten easier to use. They have gotten less expensive. The software interfaces have made things a lot more accessible.
Once a wise individual said, Small minds are concerned with the extraordinary, great minds with the ordinary.
Once a wise individual said, Success has always been a great liar.
Once a wise individual said, Without alienation, there can be no politics.
Once a wise individual said, The bill neither confers nor abridges the rights of anyone but simply declares that in civil rights there shall be equality among all classes of citizens and that all alike shall be subject to the same punishment.
Once a wise individual said, I love music and musicians. And seeing great artists dropped from labels was really frustrating and sad to me.
Once a wise individual said, Whatever women do, they must do twice as well as men to be half as good. Luckily, this is not difficult.
Once a wise individual said, Inspirations never go in for long engagements they demand immediate marriage to action.
Once a wise individual said, Translation is the art of failure.
Once a wise individual said, The highest use of capital is not to make more money, but to make money do more for the betterment of life.
Once a wise individual said, My pet peeve and my goal in life is to somehow get an adjective for 'integrity' in the dictionary. 'Truthful' doesn't really cover it, or 'genuine.' It should be like 'integritus.'
Once a wise individual said, The functions of the family in a highly differentiated society are not to be interpreted as functions directly on behalf of the society, but on behalf of personality.
Once a wise individual said, Nothing seems at first sight less important than the outward form of human actions, yet there is nothing upon which men set more store: they grow used to everything except to living in a society which has not their own manners.
Once a wise individual said, I can't travel without Sudoku.
Once a wise individual said, Hope is the feeling we have that the feeling we have is not permanent.
Once a wise individual said, As a former professional patient advocate, I believe prescription drugs are an essential part of high-quality medical treatment, and I supported enactment of the Medicare Prescription Drug and Modernization Act.
Once a wise individual said, A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results.
Once a wise individual said, I once said to my father, when I was a boy, 'Dad we need a third political party.' He said to me, 'I'll settle for a second.'
Once a wise individual said, I'm a vegetarian and very much active in regards to how I feel about animal rights and protecting animals and giving animals a voice. But at the same time, I appreciate and respect other people's decisions to eat meat. The only thing that I hope is that people are educated, that they're aware, that they're living a conscious lifestyle.
Once a wise individual said, The bed is a bundle of paradoxes: we go to it with reluctance, yet we quit it with regret we make up our minds every night to leave it early, but we make up our bodies every morning to keep it late.
Once a wise individual said, Blessed are the hearts that can bend they shall never be broken.
Once a wise individual said, Plato's philosophy is a dignified preface to future religion.
Once a wise individual said, I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.
Once a wise individual said, I think that we have a number of different health care challenges in our country, and certainly addressing the uninsured is one, and the second is making sure that those with health insurance actually get the care that they assume they'll have available to them if they get sick.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom of choice is more to be treasured than any possession earth can give.
Once a wise individual said, The filth and noise of the crowded streets soon destroy the elasticity of health which belongs to the country boy.
Once a wise individual said, History should be written as philosophy.
Once a wise individual said, The president, just as any other American, deserves a legal defense against personal lawsuits not related to his office. But the costs of that defense should be borne by him and not the taxpayer.
Once a wise individual said, As the proud father of two teens and past Chairman to the Presidents Council on Physical Fitness and Sports, I am committed to educating parents and especially young people on ways to live a long, healthy and active life.
Once a wise individual said, I was raised not to be rude, but I also try to get the best work out of people.
Once a wise individual said, America is a land where men govern, but women rule.
Once a wise individual said, The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
Once a wise individual said, To date, embryonic stem cell research has not produced a single medical treatment, where ethical, adult stem cell research has produced some 67 medical miracles.
Once a wise individual said, My grandmother and I saw an average of eight movies a week, double features, second run.
Once a wise individual said, In science the important thing is to modify and change one's ideas as science advances.
Once a wise individual said, Sex education may be a good idea in the schools, but I don't believe the kids should be given homework.
Once a wise individual said, The British were indeed very far superior to the Americans in every respect necessary to military operations, except the revivified courage and resolution, the result of sudden success after despair.
Once a wise individual said, A rumor that followed me forever was that my family was in the mafia. For years I had to live with it. They'd call me the mafia princess, so I rolled with it for the rest of high school. People even joke about it today.
Once a wise individual said, I've been acting my whole life. I have this huge imagination! I'm a dancer and my mom's a dance teacher, and I was always performing and entertaining people. I'd go to see live theatre or a movie, and I'd become the main character for a few days afterwards. I loved being somebody new for a temporary amount of time.
Once a wise individual said, I don't do the whole, 'Put my name on it, make me famous' thing.
Once a wise individual said, Why do we have 47 million people without health care? Because America has become about 'me'. What's happened to 'we' as a people? I believe in that and that resonates to most people.
Once a wise individual said, Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well.
Once a wise individual said, Women, more often than not, do things which aren't remotely relaxing but are all about preening, which is just another sort of work.
Once a wise individual said, I was proud to share the stories of my friends at Georgetown Law who have suffered dire medical consequences because our student insurance does not cover contraception for the purpose of preventing pregnancy.
Once a wise individual said, In the long term we can hope that religion will change the nature of man and reduce conflict. But history is not encouraging in this respect. The bloodiest wars in history have been religious wars.
Once a wise individual said, I wanted to have the opportunity to travel to Vietnam and Sydney, and have the chance to work there.
Once a wise individual said, I would like to see every parent either directly - if they are comfortable with the technology - or through a personal tutor, being able to access real-time information about their child.
Once a wise individual said, In war, you can only be killed once, but in politics, many times.
Once a wise individual said, The will to persevere is often the difference between failure and success.
Once a wise individual said, The war is coming to the streets of America and if you are not keeping and bearing and practicing with your arms then you will be helpless and you will be the victim of evil.
Once a wise individual said, There is only one cure for the evils which newly acquired freedom produces, and that cure is freedom.
Once a wise individual said, Everybody has to be able to participate in a future that they want to live for. That's what technology can do.
Once a wise individual said, Geological change usually takes thousands of years to happen but we are seeing the climate changing not just in our lifetimes but also year by year.
Once a wise individual said, I'd say the best is when I was in Africa, I saw a hippo in a house. Someone had a pet hippo. And they're meant to be one of the most dangerous animals on the planet, and they had one that was sort of just wandering in and out of their house, just sort of roaming about.
Once a wise individual said, I like to try to do a little work before I do anything in the morning, even if it's a paragraph.
Once a wise individual said, I had people in my life who didn't give up on me: my mother, my aunt, my science teacher. I had one-on-one speech therapy. I had a nanny who spent all day playing turn-taking games with me.
Once a wise individual said, But in the end, in the end one is alone. We are all of us alone. I mean I'm told these days we have to consider ourselves as being in society... but in the end one knows one is alone, that one lives at the heart of a solitude.
Once a wise individual said, It's commonly said that people who've been ill in childhood and who've had an upset education never really regret that they do. It means that you don't look at the world in the way that other people do, and if you were inclined to be a writer, that's a help.
Once a wise individual said, I think sometimes my humor is extremely dry, and a lot of times I would say things that I thought were very funny but... I have a reputation of - people think of me as a very fundamentalist, humorless fellow.
Once a wise individual said, Americans accept that gangsters are running the government.
Once a wise individual said, Money and women. They're two of the strongest things in the world. The things you do for a woman you wouldn't do for anything else. Same with money.
Once a wise individual said, I wouldn't date an actress. There's only room for one actor in my life and I'm it. Too difficult. On the one hand, they understand the job. But on the other hand, it's very competitive within the relationship. Two actors, say one becomes a mega-star and the other doesn't.
Once a wise individual said, No, the religion of Jesus is a social religion.
Once a wise individual said, To understand how any society functions you must understand the relationship between the men and the women.
Once a wise individual said, What is music anyway? It's a form of communication, and that's why I play the kind of music that I think - that I hope - can communicate with people.
Once a wise individual said, Beautiful isle of the sea, Smile on the brow of the waters.
Once a wise individual said, The average American is nothing if not patriotic.
Once a wise individual said, It ain't as bad as you think. It will look better in the morning.
Once a wise individual said, When every physical and mental resources is focused, one's power to solve a problem multiplies tremendously.
Once a wise individual said, The lesson I have thoroughly learnt, and wish to pass on to others, is to know the enduring happiness that the love of a garden gives.
Once a wise individual said, That's what Major League Baseball's steroid scandal was all about, the hidden harm in competitive sports that sends the wrong message to the young.
Once a wise individual said, I can live without money, but I cannot live without love.
Once a wise individual said, We have to be thankful considering our number as a family we enjoy very good health generally but you may be sure me and my partner have quite enough to exercise our minds and occupy our attention.
Once a wise individual said, Neither soldiers nor money can defend a king but only friends won by good deeds, merit, and honesty.
Once a wise individual said, Miami Beach is where neon goes to die.
Once a wise individual said, The leader who exercises power with honor will work from the inside out, starting with himself.
Once a wise individual said, On the environmental front there's concern about global warming and high levels of carbon dioxide, and trees take in CO2 and store carbon.
Once a wise individual said, Well, success does not mean doing well.
Once a wise individual said, Endurance is nobler than strength, and patience than beauty.
Once a wise individual said, Nothing is ever done in this world until men are prepared to kill one another if it is not done.
Once a wise individual said, I've just finished reading a book about the brilliant Margaret Rutherford. She wasn't a beauty, but inside she was absolutely blazing and passionate about her work. She's one of those life-affirming characters.
Once a wise individual said, Violence is a part of America. I don't want to single out rap music. Let's be honest. America's the most violent country in the history of the world, that's just the way it is. We're all affected by it.
Once a wise individual said, My mom and dad gave their kids the greatest gift of all - the gift of unconditional love. They cared deeply about who we would be, and much less about what we would do.
Once a wise individual said, For the youth, the indignation of most things will just surge as each birthday passes.
Once a wise individual said, I think that money spoils most things, once it becomes the primary motivating force.
Once a wise individual said, I think love and beauty are what life is all about.
Once a wise individual said, Divorce was very sad, obviously, but now I've gotten over it.
Once a wise individual said, I don't know how many thoughts we have a second, but it's quite an amazing number, and just to pin down the appropriate sequence of those, all you really need is a pencil and a piece of paper.
Once a wise individual said, As far as knowledge goes I've come a long way.
Once a wise individual said, My main point is to be funny if I can slip a message in there, fine.
Once a wise individual said, I touch the future. I teach.
Once a wise individual said, Small- and medium-sized businesses need access to a diverse range of finance options, including non-bank lending. These new forms of finance are still small in scale today but they should, over time, bring additional choice and greater competition to the lending market.
Once a wise individual said, Inconsistencies in men are generally testimony to their immaturity.
Once a wise individual said, Gender equality will only be reached if we are able to empower women.
Once a wise individual said, Faith means intense, usually confident, belief that is not based on evidence sufficient to command assent from every reasonable person.
Once a wise individual said, I remember that at the beginning of the month, the kind of menus my mom and father would prepare for us would have fish, chicken. But at the end of the month - because my father would be waiting for paycheck - the refrigerator would get empty. I remember that without a lot of food left, some of the best meals happened right there.
Once a wise individual said, Some people think that doctors and nurses can put scrambled eggs back in the shell.
Once a wise individual said, Every great film should seem new every time you see it.
Once a wise individual said, With existing technology, we can enforce airport security without sacrificing our personal privacy.
Once a wise individual said, Money and success don't change people they merely amplify what is already there.
Once a wise individual said, Growing up, I was encouraged to get a good education, get a real job doing something I enjoyed, and, should the opportunity present itself, consider public service as just that: a chance to serve, not an end in itself.
Once a wise individual said, I'll back up anything my dad says.
Once a wise individual said, Beware of false knowledge it is more dangerous than ignorance.
Once a wise individual said, The megalomaniac differs from the narcissist by the fact that he wishes to be powerful rather than charming, and seeks to be feared rather than loved. To this type belong many lunatics and most of the great men of history.
Once a wise individual said, Time and time again, history has proved that the conservatives are right and the liberals are wrong.
Once a wise individual said, A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives.
Once a wise individual said, Growing up in New York has influenced my style so much, and I have an amazing relationship with my stylist, Estee Stanley. We have so much fun with the whole process. She picks out dresses, I try things on and play dress up, and we get creative to see what works.
Once a wise individual said, So obviously, any religion embodies some form of rules and expectations for behavior, and even sometimes consequences, and they don't want to hear any of that.
Once a wise individual said, If you hope for happiness in the world, hope for it from God, and not from the world.
Once a wise individual said, It's like being at the kids' table at Thanksgiving - you can put your elbows on it, you don't have to talk politics... no matter how old I get, there's always a part of me that's sitting there.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not a rock star. Sure I am, to a certain extent because of the situation, but when kids ask me how it feels to be a rock star, I say leave me alone, I'm not a rock star. I'm not in it for the fame, I'm in it because I like to play.
Once a wise individual said, If someone lacked decency or respect, I didn't allow that person to stay in my world.
Once a wise individual said, I love seeing people having fun. Everyone over in L.A. is too cool for it. That's the problem.
Once a wise individual said, Ajax isn't a technology. It's really several technologies, each flourishing in its own right, coming together in powerful new ways.
Once a wise individual said, Truth is certainly a branch of morality and a very important one to society.
Once a wise individual said, One of the definitions of sanity is the ability to tell real from unreal. Soon we'll need a new definition.
Once a wise individual said, Conscience is a coward, and those faults it has not strength enough to prevent it seldom has justice enough to accuse.
Once a wise individual said, Man has made use of his intelligence, he invented stupidity.
Once a wise individual said, The big stars I felt a kinship with were never the romantic leads. It wasn't Steve McQueen or Robert Redford - it was people like Walter Matthau and Anthony Quinn. My big hero was Tommy Cooper.
Once a wise individual said, Our bodies are at once the receiving and transmitting stations for life itself. It is the highest wisdom to recognize this fact and train our bodies to render them sensitive and responsive to nature. art and religion.
Once a wise individual said, Even as we enumerate their shortcomings, the rigor of raising children ourselves makes clear to us our mothers' incredible strength. We fear both. If they are not strong, who will protect us? If they are not imperfect, how can we equal them?
Once a wise individual said, When I turned 18, my mom, my nana and I all went and had tattoos of our favorite Bible verses put on the inside of our wrists. Mine is 1st Timothy, 4:12.
Once a wise individual said, To keep it simple you run your gym like you run your house. Keep it clean and in good running order. No jerks allowed, members pay on time and if they give you any crap, throw them out. There's peace where there's order.
Once a wise individual said, There is no value in life except what you choose to place upon it and no happiness in any place except what you bring to it yourself.
Once a wise individual said, Shall I not have intelligence with the earth? Am I not partly leaves and vegetable mould myself.
Once a wise individual said, A good leader can engage in a debate frankly and thoroughly, knowing that at the end he and the other side must be closer, and thus emerge stronger. You don't have that idea when you are arrogant, superficial, and uninformed.
Once a wise individual said, As long as we are persistence in our pursuit of our deepest destiny, we will continue to grow. We cannot choose the day or time when we will fully bloom. It happens in its own time.
Once a wise individual said, Putin has a lot at stake here and restoring the relationship with the United States, and there are already signs as Sandy mentioned that he's moving in the right direction to begin to ascertain that their trade with Iran is not used for the production of nuclear weapons.
Once a wise individual said, When I went on to write my next book, Working With Emotional Intelligence, I wanted to make a business case that the best performers were those people strong in these skills.
Once a wise individual said, Hope will never be silent.
Once a wise individual said, I must admit that I personally measure success in terms of the contributions an individual makes to her or his fellow human beings.
Once a wise individual said, A graduation ceremony is an event where the commencement speaker tells thousands of students dressed in identical caps and gowns that 'individuality' is the key to success.
Once a wise individual said, Forty is the old age of youth fifty the youth of old age.
Once a wise individual said, But if republicans are to prevail, if the peace process is to be successfully concluded and Irish sovereignty and re-unification secured, then we have to set the agenda - no-one else is going to do that.
Once a wise individual said, People with no humor, they're outta my life.
Once a wise individual said, It's sort of a feeling of power onstage. It's really the ability to make people smile, or just to turn them one way or another for that duration of time, and for it to have some effect later on. I don't really think it's power... it's the goodness.
Once a wise individual said, Look, I hate to sound like Pollyanna, but I literally can't wait to get to work in the morning. I've got steady jobs, I've got my health, and I'm here in the greatest city in the world. I'd be a pig not to be grateful.
Once a wise individual said, Civilized men are more discourteous than savages because they know they can be impolite without having their skulls split, as a general thing.
Once a wise individual said, I grew up in a household where everybody lived at the top of his lungs.
Once a wise individual said, Art is the unceasing effort to compete with the beauty of flowers - and never succeeding.
Once a wise individual said, I'd like to look like Madonna when I'm her age. I also look at athletes and love their bodies. I've always wanted to be muscly, not skinny. A lot of women yo-yo around, but I'm always aware if I'm getting a bit out of shape. I never look at the scales but I can just tell. It goes on my tum and bum.
Once a wise individual said, But, you know, they don't enjoy the dinner hour together. It's just not as much of a ritual at night and it's interesting. I think the ritual is taking place perhaps more in the morning.
Once a wise individual said, My own nature hovers between neurotic and paranoid. I've developed the habit of mentally listing things that make me optimistic about the future. I do it every day.
Once a wise individual said, There are various eyes. Even the Sphinx has eyes: and as a result there are various truths, and as a result there is no truth.
Once a wise individual said, We should all aspire in life to do a multitude of things well - to be a great father, to be a good husband, to be a good lover, you know, to try to do things the best you can is very important to me.
Once a wise individual said, America believes in education: the average professor earns more money in a year than a professional athlete earns in a whole week.
Once a wise individual said, I was never too keen on the British music press. They've called us a supermarket hype, and they used to suggest that we didn't write our own songs.
Once a wise individual said, Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well.
Once a wise individual said, You can't make positive choices for the rest of your life without an environment that makes those choices easy, natural, and enjoyable.
Once a wise individual said, People talk about mumblecore but I prefer bumblecore, hyper-realistic bee movies about how bees really are.
Once a wise individual said, Liberals, it has been said, are generous with other peoples' money, except when it comes to questions of national survival when they prefer to be generous with other people's freedom and security.
Once a wise individual said, Education must, be not only a transmission of culture but also a provider of alternative views of the world and a strengthener of the will to explore them.
Once a wise individual said, History has demonstrated that the most notable winners usually encountered heartbreaking obstacles before they triumphed. They won because they refused to become discouraged by their defeats.
Once a wise individual said, I thought they may have presumed too much knowledge of certain things for people who are not comedians. Like Montreal. A comic understands what it is and its importance, but someone else may not know about it.
Once a wise individual said, God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.
Once a wise individual said, Because with courage and conviction I believe we can deliver a more flexible, adaptable and open European Union in which the interests and ambitions of all its members can be met.
Once a wise individual said, I know the world is filled with troubles and many injustices. But reality is as beautiful as it is ugly. I think it is just as important to sing about beautiful mornings as it is to talk about slums. I just couldn't write anything without hope in it.
Once a wise individual said, The character and history of each child may be a new and poetic experience to the parent, if he will let it.
Once a wise individual said, I used to travel in tennis shoes I am just not allowed to anymore. I'm an old hippie from San Francisco.
Once a wise individual said, Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.
Once a wise individual said, But Roy Rockwood, it was science fiction for the sake of science fiction.
Once a wise individual said, So let's not use a stylus. We're going to use the best pointing device in the world. We're going to use a pointing device that we're all born with - born with ten of them. We're going to use our fingers. We're going to touch this with our fingers. And we have invented a new technology called multi-touch, which is phenomenal. It works like magic.
Once a wise individual said, See, I have set before you this day life and good, death and evil... I have set before you life and death, blessing and curse therefore choose life.
Once a wise individual said, I think that politics needs a bit of spicing up.
Once a wise individual said, The earth is rocky and full of roots it's clay, and it seems doomed and polluted, but you dig little holes for the ugly shriveled bulbs, throw in a handful of poppy seeds, and cover it all over, and you know you'll never see it again - it's death and clay and shrivel, and your hands are nicked from the rocks, your nails black with soil.
Once a wise individual said, Adam knew Eve his wife and she conceived. It is a pity that this is still the only knowledge of their wives at which some men seem to arrive.
Once a wise individual said, I call upon the scientific community in our country, those who gave us nuclear weapons, to turn their great talents now to the cause of mankind and world peace: to give us the means of rendering these nuclear weapons impotent and obsolete.
Once a wise individual said, With women, I've got a long bamboo pole with a leather loop on the end. I slip the loop around their necks so they can't get away or come too close. Like catching snakes.
Once a wise individual said, I loved the house the way you would any new house, because it is populated by your future, the family of children who will fill it with noise or chaos and satisfying busy pleasures.
Once a wise individual said, People need to realise what real happiness and success is, because success as an actor is fleeting. You can be up there one day and gone the next.
Once a wise individual said, The fear of death comes from limited awareness.
Once a wise individual said, The value of a good education has never left me.
Once a wise individual said, Not that I regret saying what I believed to be the truth, but I regret anything that I might have written or spoken that could have been used in a way to help to foster that atmosphere out of which came the loss of life of Brother Malcolm.
Once a wise individual said, There is no nonsense so gross that society will not, at some time, make a doctrine of it and defend it with every weapon of communal stupidity.
Once a wise individual said, My country is the world, and my religion is to do good.
Once a wise individual said, I don't have an iPod. I mean, I have a couple. Doesn't everyone? But I don't use it. I need to because I go to the gym now, and I'm tired of listening to morning radio. I want some music! I do have a video iPod, but I don't use it either.
Once a wise individual said, The reason I started writing movies was because I kept getting parts that I just kind of stepped into. I didn't have to do a lot of work and I ended up getting sort of bored.
Once a wise individual said, When you get pure joy out of 'being' rather than 'doing' or 'seeing,' that's when you realize how big and unexplainable some things are and being a dad is one of those very few things.
Once a wise individual said, Men who live valiantly and die nobly have a strength and a courage from the eternal Father.
Once a wise individual said, Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Once a wise individual said, To understand why dictators have a problem with making peace - or at least a genuine peace - the link between the nature of a regime and its external behavior must be understood.
Once a wise individual said, I realised I could run after finding out that my dad used to run and it gave me the morale that if he did it then maybe I could also run.
Once a wise individual said, I am genuinely not an over-the-top kind of person about politics or anything else.
Once a wise individual said, I can't let important policy decisions hinge on the fact that an election is coming up every 90 days.
Once a wise individual said, Although I do not have a family, I have eyes, ears and imagination, and know, as most people know, that the importance of one's children is paramount.
Once a wise individual said, I had daydreams and fantasies when I was growing up. I always wanted to live in a log cabin at the foot of a mountain. I would ride my horse to town and pick up provisions. Then return to the cabin, with a big open fire, a record player and peace.
Once a wise individual said, The most important thing we can do is inspire young minds and to advance the kind of science, math and technology education that will help youngsters take us to the next phase of space travel.
Once a wise individual said, I bought a selection of short, romantic fiction novels, studied them, decided that I had found a formula and then wrote a book that I figured was the perfect story. Thank goodness it was rejected.
Once a wise individual said, If they want peace, nations should avoid the pin-pricks that precede cannon shots.
Once a wise individual said, The competitor to be feared is one who never bothers about you at all, but goes on making his own business better all the time.
Once a wise individual said, Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you're a man, you take it.
Once a wise individual said, There are many respects in which America, if it can bring itself to act with the magnanimity and the empathy appropriate to its size and power, can be an intelligent example to the world.
Once a wise individual said, From politics, it was an easy step to silence.
Once a wise individual said, Women, like men, should try to do the impossible. And when they fail, their failure should be a challenge to others.
Once a wise individual said, The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.
Once a wise individual said, My humanitarian work evolved from being with my family. My mom, my dad, they really set a great example for giving back. My mom was a nurse, my dad was a school teacher. But my mom did a lot of things for geriatrics and elderly people. She would do home visits for free.
Once a wise individual said, There are three constants in life... change, choice and principles.
Once a wise individual said, All human wisdom works and has worries and grief as reward.
Once a wise individual said, Of course there have been times I regretted being the kid in 'E.T.' My world went completely crazy. I was that stupid kind of famous, where you can't go anywhere.
Once a wise individual said, Among the weeds choking out growth and good government are the hundreds of boards, commissions, and advisory committees that have sprouted over the years. They devour time, money, and energy far beyond any real contribution they make.
Once a wise individual said, The very contradictions in my life are in some ways signs of God's mercy to me.
Once a wise individual said, It is remarkable that jealousy of individual property in land often goes along with very exaggerated doctrines of tribal or national property in land.
Once a wise individual said, Where there is love there is life.
Once a wise individual said, Trust your gut instinct over spreadsheets. There are too many variables in the real world that you simply can't put into a spreadsheet. Spreadsheets spit out results from your inexact assumptions and give you a false sense of security. In most cases, your heart and gut are still your best guide.
Once a wise individual said, It's fun to go to the movies and be scared.
Once a wise individual said, The only ground on which a neutral State can claim respect at the hands of belligerents is, that, so far as she is concerned, their rights are protected.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness, or misery, is in the mind. It is the mind that lives.
Once a wise individual said, There is a physical relationship with a woman that you don't have with anybody else, but that's not about love. Love is a spiritual thing.
Once a wise individual said, There's a lot of peer pressure to not do positive stories out of Iraq... I think there's a sense that the administration got a pass during the hot days of war and now that the war is over it's time to even out the deck somewhat.
Once a wise individual said, But human nature dictates that there will always be cheaters. That's inevitable. Where there's money involved and glory, there are going to be people that cheat, and there will always be ways to cheat.
Once a wise individual said, You know, out-of-touch liberals like Barack Obama say they want a strong economy, but in everything they do, they show they don't like business very much. But the economy, of course, is simply the product of all the businesses of the nation added together. So it's a bit like saying you like an omelet, but you don't like eggs.
Once a wise individual said, Little men with little minds and little imaginations go through life in little ruts, smugly resisting all changes which would jar their little worlds.
Once a wise individual said, To me, it doesn't matter how good you are. Sport is all about playing and competing. Whatever you do in cricket and in sport, enjoy it, be positive and try to win.
Once a wise individual said, The Tories and the Lib Dems talk about social mobility, but, short of winning the lottery, the only way to guarantee young people from all backgrounds the opportunity to do better and to raise aspirations is through education.
Once a wise individual said, Instead of just giving lip service to improving our schools, I will actually put the kids first and the teachers union behind in giving our kids better teachers, better options and better choices for a better future.
Once a wise individual said, People say that if you find water rising up to your ankle, that's the time to do something about it, not when it's around your neck.
Once a wise individual said, When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
Once a wise individual said, Owners of dogs will have noticed that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they will think you are God. Whereas owners of cats are compelled to realize that, if you provide them with food and water and affection, they draw the conclusion that they are God.
Once a wise individual said, I think my printing to this day looks like the printing right out of a comic book. Actually, I always wanted to be in a comic book. I watched cartoons when I was a kid, too, and both comics and cartoons lit fire in my imagination. This realm holds a lot of interest for me, a lot of passion for me. So to be comic-ized, yeah, that's cool.
Once a wise individual said, The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office.
Once a wise individual said, If it is the duty of the State to educate, it is the duty of the State also to bear the burden of education, namely, the taxation out of which education is provided.
Once a wise individual said, Among the best traitors Ireland has ever had, Mother Church ranks at the very top, a massive obstacle in the path to equality and freedom. She has been a force for conservatism... to ward off threats to her own security and influence.
Once a wise individual said, All men are by nature equal, made all of the same earth by one Workman and however we deceive ourselves, as dear unto God is the poor peasant as the mighty prince.
Once a wise individual said, At home I serve the kind of food I know the story behind.
Once a wise individual said, Maybe it is something to do with age, but I have become fonder of poetry than of prose.
Once a wise individual said, I say let's go back to a truer use of the word 'freedom.' Let's start with President Franklin Roosevelt's Four Freedoms: freedom of speech and expression, freedom of worship, freedom from want and freedom from fear. I would add the freedom to bargain collectively. Those freedoms are under attack today.
Once a wise individual said, There are people who appear in the magazines and I don't know who they are. I've never seen anything they've done and their careers are over already. They're famous for maybe 10 minutes. Real careers, I think, take a long time to unfold.
Once a wise individual said, Just take the ball and throw it where you want to. Throw strikes. Home plate don't move.
Once a wise individual said, I always hated high-school shows and high-school movies, because they were always about the cool kids. It was always about dating and sex, and all the popular kids, and the good-looking kids. And the nerds were super-nerdy cartoons, with tape on their glasses. I never saw 'my people' portrayed accurately.
Once a wise individual said, I enjoy life when things are happening. I don't care if it's good things or bad things. That means you're alive.
Once a wise individual said, Well, Judy, I would hope in the new year, we could start thinking about politics not like it was the Super Bowl, where you always have to have one team that wins and the other team has to be a loser.
Once a wise individual said, It's just like any relationship, the more contained the environment, the more the good stuff appears and the more the bad stuff will reveal itself.
Once a wise individual said, Look out into the universe and contemplate the glory of God. Observe the stars, millions of them, twinkling in the night sky, all with a message of unity, part of the very nature of God.
Once a wise individual said, Yeah, well I think anyone who likes fast cars will love the Tesla. And it has fantastic handling by the way. I mean this car will crush a Porsche on the track, just crush it. So if you like fast cars, you'll love this car. And then oh, by the way, it happens to be electric and it's twice the efficiency of a Prius.
Once a wise individual said, Everything that slows us down and forces patience, everything that sets us back into the slow circles of nature, is a help. Gardening is an instrument of grace.
Once a wise individual said, And if there was one title that could be applied to all my films, it would be 'Civil War' - not civil war in the way we know it, but the daily war that goes on between us all.
Once a wise individual said, I remember saying goodbye to my father the night he left to join the Navy. He didn't have to. He was older than other servicemen and had a family to support but he wanted to be a part of the fight against fascism, not just make movies about it. I admired this about him.
Once a wise individual said, A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.
Once a wise individual said, The way the world is going, it's technology driven. And it isn't just driven by the old super powers, it's driven by the far east and new emerging economies.
Once a wise individual said, I think people should look at learning about Native American history the same as visiting Washington, D.C., and seeing the monuments there. It's all part of the package.
Once a wise individual said, Religion fails if it cannot speak to men as they are.
Once a wise individual said, The same people who smile in my face would be the same ones to talk behind my back.
Once a wise individual said, Had I not come out with an inspirational CD, you perhaps would have never known that I feel like I feel, that all songs, all the music I've ever done is a gift from God.
Once a wise individual said, Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get - only with what you are expecting to give - which is everything.
Once a wise individual said, If only media people would stop reaching for the low-hanging fruit, which is cynicism and pessimism, and stopped trying so hard to be hip and cool and have a swagger.
Once a wise individual said, I support gay marriage. I believe they have a right to be as miserable as the rest of us.
Once a wise individual said, I only hope that we don't lose sight of one thing - that it was all started by a mouse.
Once a wise individual said, I've never let producers tell me what to do. Even when I was making television, I always did what I wanted to do, and if I couldn't, I didn't do it. It was a freedom that, these days, young directors starting out don't have.
Once a wise individual said, The Teen Challenge ministry was born out of those humble early days of ministry. It now includes over 500 drug and alcohol rehab centers around the world, even in Muslim countries. These include homes for girls and women addicts and alcoholics, all which are reaching many.
Once a wise individual said, Drums just always sounded like the most fun part of that good music for me.
Once a wise individual said, Humility is the only true wisdom by which we prepare our minds for all the possible changes of life.
Once a wise individual said, My fear was not of death itself, but a death without meaning.
Once a wise individual said, What I miss today more than anything else - I don't go to church as much anymore - but that old-time religion, that old singing, that old praying which I love so much. That is the great strength of my being, of my writing.
Once a wise individual said, China has to go along with world trends. That's democracy, liberty, individual freedom. China sooner or later has to go that way. It cannot go backward.
Once a wise individual said, Citizen Kane is perhaps the one American talking picture that seems as fresh now as the day it opened. It may seem even fresher.
Once a wise individual said, Faith, mighty faith, the promise sees, And looks to God alone Laughs at impossibilities, And cries it shall be done.
Once a wise individual said, I trust in nature for the stable laws of beauty and utility. Spring shall plant and autumn garner to the end of time.
Once a wise individual said, The traditional spokespersons for the Evangelicals, such as Chuck Colson and James Dobson, have become alarmed about this drift away from the 'Family Values' issues that they believe should be the overwhelming concerns of Evangelicals. They have expressed their displeasure in letters of protest circulated through the religious media.
Once a wise individual said, It's not hard to get your way when it's your way or the highway. People either follow suit or they're not around. I don't really like the sound of that, 'cause that sounds like a temper tantrum. I'm just very black and white when it comes to my business. There's really no gray area.
Once a wise individual said, I made some friends at Listerine and they taught me a little bit about oral care. That half of adults suffer from oral disease, that the number one chronic disease among children is oral disease, that we're only taking care of 25% of our mouths when brushing alone and there are more germs in your mouth than there are people on the planet.
Once a wise individual said, To realize that new world we must prefer the values of freedom and equality above all other values - above personal wealth, technical power and nationalism.
Once a wise individual said, Every night, half an hour before curtain up, the bells of St. Malachy's, the Actors' Chapel on New York's 49th Street, peal the tune of 'There's No Business Like Show Business.' If you walk the streets of the theatre district before a show and see the vast, enthusiastic lines it sounds like a calling: there is certainly no place like Broadway.
Once a wise individual said, I don't believe in God but I'm very interested in her.
Once a wise individual said, Unless there is recognition that women are most vulnerable... and you do something about social and cultural equality for women, you're never going to defeat this pandemic.
Once a wise individual said, I have to keep reminding myself that I am their mother. Sometimes we are sitting at home and I feel like we are waiting for our mom to come home.
Once a wise individual said, Old age is far more than white hair, wrinkles, the feeling that it is too late and the game finished, that the stage belongs to the rising generations. The true evil is not the weakening of the body, but the indifference of the soul.
Once a wise individual said, The reason for the sadness of this modern age and the men who live in it is that it looks for the truth in everything and finds it.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of people think Japanese food is difficult, a lot of work. But you don't have to buy the knife I have. You don't have to train as long as I have. You can do my cooking in your kitchen.
Once a wise individual said, People are patronizing the theatres with renewed enthusiasm - there is an entire picnic-like attitude when families go out to see movies, which is a very good sign. They want to see larger-than-life characters on the big screen and not just watch movies on television or on DVDs.
Once a wise individual said, Expect trouble as an inevitable part of life and repeat to yourself, the most comforting words of all this, too, shall pass.
Once a wise individual said, There must be a day or two in a man's life when he is the precise age for something important.
Once a wise individual said, The sum and substance of female education in America, as in England, is training women to consider marriage as the sole object in life, and to pretend that they do not think so.
Once a wise individual said, The ever quickening advances of science made possible by the success of the Human Genome Project will also soon let us see the essences of mental disease. Only after we understand them at the genetic level can we rationally seek out appropriate therapies for such illnesses as schizophrenia and bipolar disease.
Once a wise individual said, God isn't compatible with machinery and scientific medicine and universal happiness. You must make your choice. Our civilization has chosen machinery and medicine and happiness.
Once a wise individual said, My father's death, my move, and my frightening and difficult delivery created a tremendous amount of stress, pain, and sadness for me. I was practically devastated beyond recovery.
Once a wise individual said, Personality has power to uplift, power to depress, power to curse, and power to bless.
Once a wise individual said, In L.A., I get a meal delivery service called Diet Designs. I like a nice butter lettuce salad with some avocado, fresh grapefruit, shredded chicken breast and raw almond slices with a sesame vinaigrette dressing. I also love juicing and am kind of obsessed with it.
Once a wise individual said, I don't know any form of art or entertainment that can affect people the way movies can. I know it sounds ridiculous, but they can change your world. They can change your views.
Once a wise individual said, Every man must do two things alone he must do his own believing and his own dying.
Once a wise individual said, I feel quite sad for the young musicians coming up because they may never get to pay their rent properly. It doesn't matter what the genre nowadays, it's so much harder than it ever was.
Once a wise individual said, I'm very interested in religion as something to study, but I'm not a religious person in the slightest.
Once a wise individual said, What is called genius is the abundance of life and health.
Once a wise individual said, Counsel woven into the fabric of real life is wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, I have no problems with private schools. I graduated from one and so did my mother. Private schools are useful and we often use public funds to pay for their infrastructures and other common needs.
Once a wise individual said, The more that social democracy develops, grows, and becomes stronger, the more the enlightened masses of workers will take their own destinies, the leadership of their movement, and the determination of its direction into their own hands.
Once a wise individual said, There is in true beauty, as in courage, something which narrow souls cannot dare to admire.
Once a wise individual said, I don't have many famous friends, really, except Simon Cowell.
Once a wise individual said, A religious man is a person who holds God and man in one thought at one time, at all times, who suffers harm done to others, whose greatest passion is compassion, whose greatest strength is love and defiance of despair.
Once a wise individual said, Travel provided many interesting experiences, but perhaps the most useful lesson I learned was that I really had no proficiency for learning the thousands of characters of the written Chinese language.
Once a wise individual said, The power of imagination makes us infinite.
Once a wise individual said, Black people have always been used as a buffer in this country between powers to prevent class war.
Once a wise individual said, The majority of men meet with failure because of their lack of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom is from within.
Once a wise individual said, India is the meeting place of the religions and among these Hinduism alone is by itself a vast and complex thing, not so much a religion as a great diversified and yet subtly unified mass of spiritual thought, realization and aspiration.
Once a wise individual said, The best way to have a good idea is to have a lot of ideas.
Once a wise individual said, In the long term we can hope that religion will change the nature of man and reduce conflict. But history is not encouraging in this respect. The bloodiest wars in history have been religious wars.
Once a wise individual said, It is better to be unhappy in love than unhappy in marriage, but some people manage to be both.
Once a wise individual said, Humanity should question itself, once more, about the absurd and always unfair phenomenon of war, on whose stage of death and pain only remain standing the negotiating table that could and should have prevented it.
Once a wise individual said, If faith is lost, there is no security and there is no life for him who does not adhere to religion.
Once a wise individual said, Since I travel so much, it's always great to be home. There's nothing like getting to raid my own refrigerator at two in the morning.
Once a wise individual said, I'd like to grow up and be beautiful. I know it doesn't matter, but it doesn't hurt.
Once a wise individual said, The 'Net is a waste of time, and that's exactly what's right about it.
Once a wise individual said, If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars.
Once a wise individual said, My dad was an inventor, and I think I've always had a rosy view of technology, or at least its potential.
Once a wise individual said, Martha Stewart is extremely talented. Her designs are picture perfect. Our philosophy is life is messy, and rather than being afraid of those messes we design products that work the way we live.
Once a wise individual said, The result was, of course, that today, tragically, more than 40 million Americans don't have health insurance, and for many, not having health insurance means they don't have access to good health care.
Once a wise individual said, Parenting is the most important job on the planet next to keeping Gary Busey off the nation's highways.
Once a wise individual said, Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
Once a wise individual said, When women are depressed, they eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. It's a whole different way of thinking.
Once a wise individual said, Let us be sure that those who come after will say of us in our time, that in our time we did everything that could be done. We finished the race we kept them free we kept the faith.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a dad, and I no longer see a way for my kids to even inherit the money that I'm making, let alone go out there, have an idea, and create it in their own lifetime.
Once a wise individual said, We can in fact first place the beam of rays of moving positive atomic ions in a plane perpendicular to the axis in which we see the spectral lines emitted by them.
Once a wise individual said, When you're 14, anything with a sword and a dragon is pretty cool. But when you're 21 and you've read 2,000 fantasy novels, you start to realize that some of those books, well, they weren't really good. OK, let's be honest. A lot of them were crap.
Once a wise individual said, One might think that the money value of an invention constitutes its reward to the man who loves his work. But... I continue to find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success.
Once a wise individual said, I think family is very important in West Virginia and has long been so because the mountains made travel difficult in the past, and family members had to depend on each other.
Once a wise individual said, Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
Once a wise individual said, It goes without saying that you should never have more children than you have car windows.
Once a wise individual said, Some people are so afraid do die that they never begin to live.
Once a wise individual said, A comfortable old age is the reward of a well-spent youth. Instead of its bringing sad and melancholy prospects of decay, it would give us hopes of eternal youth in a better world.
Once a wise individual said, Leadership is an active role 'lead' is a verb. But the leader who tries to do it all is headed for burnout, and in a powerful hurry.
Once a wise individual said, It's absolutely essential that we have the same safeguards that straight couples do. But I want more than a 50 percent chance of success. I don't want to emulate that.
Once a wise individual said, It may be assumed as an axiom that Providence has never gifted any political party with all of political wisdom or blinded it with all of political folly.
Once a wise individual said, A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
Once a wise individual said, The lunatic, the lover, and the poet, are of imagination all compact.
Once a wise individual said, Only the guy who isn't rowing has time to rock the boat.
Once a wise individual said, When, as we must often do, we fear science, we really fear ourselves.
Once a wise individual said, Through first-class education, a generation marches down the long uncertain road of the future with confidence.
Once a wise individual said, I always use my husband's cocoa butter stuff. He has amazing skin!
Once a wise individual said, It is possible to experience an awakening in this life through realising just how precious each moment, each mental process, and each breath truly is.
Once a wise individual said, Foolish men imagine that because judgment for an evil thing is delayed, there is no justice but only accident here below. Judgment for an evil thing is many times delayed some day or two, some century or two, but it is sure as life, it is sure as death.
Once a wise individual said, When it came to the stylish and graceful art of ballroom dancing, my dad was a king of the clubs, a prowling tiger and a wonderfully natural mover.
Once a wise individual said, Chocolate is the first luxury. It has so many things wrapped up in it: Deliciusness in the moment, childhood memories, and that grin-inducing feeling of getting a reward for being good.
Once a wise individual said, When museums are built these days, architects, directors, and trustees seem most concerned about social space: places to have parties, eat dinner, wine-and-dine donors. Sure, these are important these days - museums have to bring in money - but they gobble up space and push the art itself far away from the entrance.
Once a wise individual said, A man that studieth revenge keeps his own wounds green.
Once a wise individual said, Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.
Once a wise individual said, Could I say that the reason that I am here today, you know, from the mouth of the State Department itself, is: I should not be allowed to travel because I have struggled for years for the independence of the colonial peoples of Africa.
Once a wise individual said, Land really is the best art.
Once a wise individual said, I lived the true American dream, because I was able to pursue what I set as my goals at a very young age.
Once a wise individual said, It's time for me to do things I like so I will be happy, my wife will be happy, my friends will be happy. I just want to do something I'm proud of. It's time for me to change. I could sign with a company for 10 movies and I'm the king of video and so what?
Once a wise individual said, Art is not merely an imitation of the reality of nature, but in truth a metaphysical supplement to the reality of nature, placed alongside thereof for its conquest.
Once a wise individual said, I do not wish women to have power over men but over themselves.
Once a wise individual said, The American legal industry is a medieval guild in which the prosecutors, bar, and bench join hands to ensure that legal invoices are paid, no matter how excessive.
Once a wise individual said, This is what I like about being a designer: You can't really get it until you see it.
Once a wise individual said, Love is not love that alters when it alteration finds.
Once a wise individual said, Curiosity is one of the great secrets of happiness.
Once a wise individual said, Drug misuse is not a disease, it is a decision, like the decision to step out in front of a moving car. You would call that not a disease but an error of judgment.
Once a wise individual said, I have accepted fear as a part of life - specifically the fear of change... I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says: turn back.
Once a wise individual said, There is a phenomenal amount of pressure on women in this industry: they are considered vintage by the time they hit their mid-30s.
Once a wise individual said, I do not want a husband who honours me as a queen, if he does not love me as a woman.
Once a wise individual said, I'm an introvert at heart... And show business - even though I've loved it so much - has always been hard for me.
Once a wise individual said, But the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him. God is a spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.
Once a wise individual said, I put on lip balm first thing in the morning and always use it before I swipe on my red lipstick.
Once a wise individual said, A man of conviction is often more to be desired than a man of experience.
Once a wise individual said, If I'm in something funny, I like to try and find some kind of serious line in it that people can relate to.
Once a wise individual said, We believe a renewed commitment to limited government will unshackle our economy and create millions of new jobs and opportunities for all people, of every background, to succeed and prosper. Under this approach, the spirit of initiative - not political clout - determines who succeeds.
Once a wise individual said, I've known Shawn for several years. And he's just an amazing talent. He's a great writer, a marvelous, marvelous guitar player, and plays really good fiddle.
Once a wise individual said, There are moments in life, when the heart is so full of emotion That if by chance it be shaken, or into its depths like a pebble Drops some careless word, it overflows, and its secret, Spilt on the ground like water, can never be gathered together.
Once a wise individual said, For us democracy is a question of human dignity. And human dignity is political freedom.
Once a wise individual said, If I have affected someone in a positive way, that means a lot to me.
Once a wise individual said, City governments ought to be abolished, if only as a public health measure.
Once a wise individual said, Do not trust your memory it is a net full of holes the most beautiful prizes slip through it.
Once a wise individual said, Simplicity and repose are the qualities that measure the true value of any work of art.
Once a wise individual said, Everyone has a breaking point, turning point, stress point, the game is permeated with it. The fans don't see it because we make it look so efficient. But internally, for a guy to be successful, you have to be like a clock spring, wound but not loose at the same time.
Once a wise individual said, Associate with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
Once a wise individual said, There is nothing wrong with your marriage if you're dealing with bills and kids and the broken garbage disposal and in-laws and work demands. That's a normal marriage.
Once a wise individual said, Negroes - Sweet and docile, Meek, humble, and kind: Beware the day - They change their mind.
Once a wise individual said, If women be educated for dependence that is, to act according to the will of another fallible being, and submit, right or wrong, to power, where are we to stop?
Once a wise individual said, The trouble with the Labour Party leadership and the trade union leadership, they're quite willing to applaud millions on the streets of the Philippines or in Eastern Europe, without understanding the need to also produce millions of people on the streets of Britain.
Once a wise individual said, The logic of Palladian architecture presented an aesthetic formula which could be applied universally.
Once a wise individual said, I think I've failed every test I've ever taken. If there was a failure I would have been it.
Once a wise individual said, Take control of your consistent emotions and begin to consciously and deliberately reshape your daily experience of life.
Once a wise individual said, Education is the silver bullet to improve this Nation's standing worldwide... and our teachers know that.
Once a wise individual said, Change is vital to any actor. If you keep playing lead after lead, you're really gonna dry up. Because all those vehicles wean you away from the truths of human behaviour.
Once a wise individual said, The tragedy of modern war is that the young men die fighting each other - instead of their real enemies back home in the capitals.
Once a wise individual said, Time flies over us, but leaves it shadow behind.
Once a wise individual said, I try not to be but I'm super-neurotic about diet. I'm neurotic about trying not to be neurotic! I'm like every other girl. I have to try really hard my whole life to try to be fit. And I'm super-vain. And I want to wear cute clothes.
Once a wise individual said, Not only did I avoid speaking of Salinger I resisted thinking about him. I did not reread his letters to me. The experience had been too painful.
Once a wise individual said, Passion, you see, can be destroyed by a doctor. It cannot be created.
Once a wise individual said, In politics women type the letters, lick the stamps, distribute the pamphlets and get out the vote. Men get elected.
Once a wise individual said, I think the tiniest little thing can change the course of your day, which can change the course of your year, which can change who you are.
Once a wise individual said, One never reaches home, but wherever friendly paths intersect the whole world looks like home for a time.
Once a wise individual said, Part of our essential humanity is paying respect to what God gave us and what will be here a long time after we're gone.
Once a wise individual said, What's the good of drawing in the next breath if all you do is let it out and draw in another?
Once a wise individual said, I like to think of my behavior in the sixties as a 'learning experience.' Then again, I like to think of anything stupid I've done as a 'learning experience.' It makes me feel less stupid.
Once a wise individual said, Bulls can do nothing to demand justice. They can only defend themselves as best they can in a fight with a pre-determined ending and die never knowing why they were forced to endure such a painful and prolonged death. It's up to us, as a civilized society, to call for an end to the Running of the Bulls and bullfighting.
Once a wise individual said, No matter that patriotism is too often the refuge of scoundrels. Dissent, rebellion, and all-around hell-raising remain the true duty of patriots.
Once a wise individual said, Power does not corrupt. Fear corrupts... perhaps the fear of a loss of power.
Once a wise individual said, If, on occasion, the knowledge brought by science leads to an unhappy end, this is not to the discredit of science but is rather an indication of an imperfect ability to use wisely the gifts placed within our hands.
Once a wise individual said, Although beauty may be in the eye of the beholder, the feeling of being beautiful exists solely in the mind of the beheld.
Once a wise individual said, For the last 10 years, I've felt increasing pressure to stop shooting film and start shooting video, but I've never understood why. It's cheaper to work on film, it's far better looking, it's the technology that's been known and understood for a hundred years, and it's extremely reliable.
Once a wise individual said, They are responsible for starting this relationship and wanting to help Africa. The United States is very well suited for this as they are a country that has the capacity, they have better access to technology and they are a successful country.
Once a wise individual said, Architecture is basically a container of something. I hope they will enjoy not so much the teacup, but the tea.
Once a wise individual said, But thankfully, my first album, 'Wide Screen,' was sort of a critics' darling - everyone raved about it, but no one bought it. They only manufactured 10,000 copies I wasn't even in the running for failure!
Once a wise individual said, Celebrity means that I can affect people in a positive way.
Once a wise individual said, Death by starvation is slow.
Once a wise individual said, The cool thing about working and meeting a lot of people through your acting is that you never know who you might work with, in the future.
Once a wise individual said, The Israeli people must be free to live in peace and security.
Once a wise individual said, War contains so much folly, as well as wickedness, that much is to be hoped from the progress of reason.
Once a wise individual said, Women are the real architects of society.
Once a wise individual said, We can have technology, prosperity, nice homes and cars, but at the same time we must be conscious of what we are dumping into the water, the air and our food.
Once a wise individual said, I'll never forget my 24th birthday when my tooth got punched out. And for a second I was like, it would be really hilarious if I sold it on eBay. But I can't, that's just too creepy. I don't think I can go there.
Once a wise individual said, Our worldly successes cannot be guaranteed, but our ability to achieve spiritual success is entirely up to us, thanks to the grace of God. The best advice I know is to give is to give those worldly things your best but never your all - reserve the ultimate hope for the only one who can grant it.
Once a wise individual said, There is no greater feeling than hanging out with my dogs, or just walking around the land with our horses. My rescue ranch is is where I feel the most at peace and where I'm reminded of the simple things in life and let the chaos of my crazy work life fade away.
Once a wise individual said, Naturally we are aware of the strength of our economy and naturally we don't want to downplay it.
Once a wise individual said, Back in 1983, the United States government approved the release of the first genetically modified organism. In this case, it was a bacteria that prevents frost on food crops.
Once a wise individual said, I've always said that in politics, your enemies can't hurt you, but your friends will kill you.
Once a wise individual said, All of the sports have a safety net, but boxing is the only sport that has none. So when the fighter is through, he is through. While he was fighting his management was very excited for him, but now that he is done, that management team is moving on.
Once a wise individual said, A lot of people in our industry haven't had very diverse experiences. So they don't have enough dots to connect, and they end up with very linear solutions without a broad perspective on the problem. The broader one's understanding of the human experience, the better design we will have.
Once a wise individual said, Happiness isn't getting what you want, it's wanting what you got.
Once a wise individual said, Until the day of his death, no man can be sure of his courage.
Once a wise individual said, People tell you the world looks a certain way. Parents tell you how to think. Schools tell you how to think. TV. Religion. And then at a certain point, if you're lucky, you realize you can make up your own mind. Nobody sets the rules but you. You can design your own life.
Once a wise individual said, I don't have any respect at all for the scum-bags who went to Canada to avoid the draft or to avoid doing their fair share.
Once a wise individual said, There are no limits to our future if we don't put limits on our people.
Once a wise individual said, The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil.
Once a wise individual said, Understanding where your food comes from, trying to bolster local farmers and local economies and having a better connection to the food around you and the people around you, only good can come of that. I love to be involved with things like that.
Once a wise individual said, Fame can be just so annoying because people are so critical of you. You can't just say, 'hi'. You say hi and people whisper' man did you see the way she said hi? What an attitude.
Once a wise individual said, Much of Indian science seems intuitive and not bound by the rigid thinking of classical scientists.
Once a wise individual said, I've got research, I have my own life experience I can apply, and I have my imagination.
Once a wise individual said, The minimum we should hope for with any display technology is that it should do no harm.
Once a wise individual said, If the machine of government is of such a nature that it requires you to be the agent of injustice to another, then, I say, break the law.
Once a wise individual said, Well, I think that there's a very thin dividing line between success and failure. And I think if you start a business without financial backing, you're likely to go the wrong side of that dividing line.
Once a wise individual said, All the men in my family were bearded, and most of the women.
Once a wise individual said, I don't dismiss the music that I was involved with, I don't think it was a joke, I don't think it was funny or a phase, I don't think it was just something I was doing back then, to me it was who I am. It connects all the way through. I don't distance myself from any of it.
Once a wise individual said, Beyond a certain point, the music isn't mine anymore. It's yours.
Once a wise individual said, We are all travelers in the wilderness of this world, and the best we can find in our travels is an honest friend.
Once a wise individual said, If a man's wit be wandering, let him study the mathematics.
Once a wise individual said, You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old.
Once a wise individual said, I realized that it's all really one, that John Lennon was correct. We utilize the music to bring down the walls of Berlin, to bring up the force of compassion and forgiveness and kindness between Palestines, Hebrews. Bring down the walls here in San Diego, Tijuana, Cuba.
Once a wise individual said, Frontiersmen good and bad, gunmen as well as inspired prophets of the future, have been my camp companions. Thus, I know the country of which I am about to write as few men now living have known it.
Once a wise individual said, On my best days, such as when I was a junior in high school coming off a 42-point performance and near triple-double, my dad was there to tell me I haven't arrived yet and bring me back to reality.
Once a wise individual said, I was never into the popular school or clique or anything. Then I started doing movies when I was in high school, so then I got popular. Then the girls paid attention to you who didn't before.
Once a wise individual said, All along we find that social life - religion, politics, art - reflects the stages reached in the development of the knowledge of self it shows the social uses made of this knowledge.
Once a wise individual said, Let me tell you, it is still morning in America. It just happens to be kind of a head pounding, hung over for four hours in America - and it's shaping up to be a nasty day, but its still morning in America.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage encourages the men and women who together create life to unite in a bond for the protection of children.
Once a wise individual said, Men and women who know the brutal reality of war, who know that war strips people of their very humanity, must unite in a new global partnership for peace.
Once a wise individual said, I have a lot of very close girlfriends and sisters - I'm from an all female family. My father often quips that even the cat was neutered!
Once a wise individual said, Criticism is the windows and chandeliers of art: it illuminates the enveloping darkness in which art might otherwise rest only vaguely discernible, and perhaps altogether unseen.
Once a wise individual said, Because we have so much eye candy and mind candy, spending so much time trying to pay the rent, all of this conspires to keep us from thinking too hard or taking action from that. Our time is stolen. So much of our daily life is stolen.
Once a wise individual said, A society deadened by a smothering network of laws while finding release in moral chaos is not likely to be either happy or stable.
Once a wise individual said, The other day the President said, I know you've had some rough times, and I want to do something that will show the nation what faith that I have in you, in your maturity and sense of responsibility. He paused, then said, would you like a puppy?
Once a wise individual said, You know when you're young you think you will always be. As you become more fragile, you reflect and you realize how much comfort can come from the past. Hymns can carry you into the future.
Once a wise individual said, If I look at the message I'm portraying, I think it definitely is be who you are, but be your best you.
Once a wise individual said, Alabama citizens, like the vast majority of Americans, respect and value the meaning of decency, and appreciate public institutions that reflect the common values of our society.
Once a wise individual said, Coming generations will learn equality from poverty, and love from woes.
Once a wise individual said, Man hath still either toys or care: But hath no root, nor to one place is tied, but ever restless and irregular, about this earth doth run and ride. He knows he hath a home, but scarce knows where He says it is so far, that he has quite forgot how to go there.
Once a wise individual said, Language, philosophy, and science are interwoven into the design of words, which are manipulated to create surprising illusions.
Once a wise individual said, Baseball happens to be a game of cumulative tension but football, basketball and hockey are played with hand grenades and machine guns.
Once a wise individual said, As a young man, even if I was going to see a play or a film by myself, I didn't feel like I was alone. There was something that was unfolding up there that brought me into it. And I recognised that. For those two hours, it made me feel like I belonged to something really good.
Once a wise individual said, Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious.
Once a wise individual said, Go beyond science, into the region of metaphysics. Real religion is beyond argument. It can only be lived both inwardly and outwardly.
Once a wise individual said, Education is not preparation for life education is life itself.
Once a wise individual said, Jenna's traveled with me they've both traveled with their dad. This is the only time they've been old enough in all of their dad's campaigns to really be involved in.
Once a wise individual said, It couldn't sound like a dog, because K9 isn't a dog, but I made it sound as mechanical as possible.
Once a wise individual said, Much that passes as idealism is disguised hatred or disguised love of power.
Once a wise individual said, I love revolutionaries who have the courage to stand up against the status quo. They're always misunderstood, but they're the ones who are standing up for human rights.
Once a wise individual said, The best work is not what is most difficult for you it is what you do best.
Once a wise individual said, I just want to make my music, and I want it to stand on its own.
Once a wise individual said, Purring would seem to be, in her case, an automatic safety valve device for dealing with happiness overflow.
Once a wise individual said, Music should probably provide answers in terms of lyrical content, and giving people a sense of togetherness and oneness, as opposed to being alone in their thoughts and dilemmas or regrets or happiness or whatever.
Once a wise individual said, So now, cut to ten years later, and I'm making this amazing contract with Pantene. It's incredible.
Once a wise individual said, Wide awake I can make my most fantastic dreams come true.
Once a wise individual said, You and I and everybody in show business and the entertainment industry fly by the seat of our pants. We don't know quite what is going to happen.
Once a wise individual said, Then stirs the feeling infinite, so felt In solitude, where we are least alone.
Once a wise individual said, You see, in life, lots of people know what to do, but few people actually do what they know. Knowing is not enough! You must take action.
Once a wise individual said, I love horror, I love scary movies, I love thrillers. If things creep you out and spook you? I love it.
Once a wise individual said, States have the responsibility to create rules and conditions for growth and development, and to channel the benefits to all citizens by providing education and making people able to participate in the economies, and in decision-making.
Once a wise individual said, Every indication of wisdom, taken from the effect, is equally an indication of power to execute what wisdom planned.
Once a wise individual said, At its core, 90 percent of my job is still sitting down in a room full of people, and breaking stories... and that requires virtually no technology.
Once a wise individual said, Without in any way minimising the economic and psychological blow that people experience when they lose their jobs, the unemployed in affluent countries still have a safety net, in the form of social security payments, and usually free healthcare and free education for their children. They also have sanitation and safe drinking water.
Once a wise individual said, Fear is the foundation of safety.
Once a wise individual said, I'm being treated like a sex object, cried the lady. No matter. I will take care of it, said Time soothingly.
Once a wise individual said, Next to power without honor, the most dangerous thing in the world is power without humor.
Once a wise individual said, Being a sex symbol has to do with an attitude, not looks. Most men think it's looks, most women know otherwise.
Once a wise individual said, The desire of excessive power caused the angels to fall the desire of knowledge caused men to fall.
Once a wise individual said, I run from Horatio Street down just past Battery Park City and back. It's amazing to run and see the Statue of Liberty and the ferries coming in. People think if you're not near Central Park, there's nowhere to go, but there's a whole ecosystem happening down here.
Once a wise individual said, To be honest, I'm scared to death of rollercoaster rides.
Once a wise individual said, Too much freedom can lead to the soul's decay.
Once a wise individual said, To write a story about New York that only deals with people in your age and socioeconomic bracket, that feels dishonest to me. So much of New York comes from everyone bumping into each other.
Once a wise individual said, At a time when nobody thought we'd ever see a new steel mill built in America, we took a chance and built one in a corn field in Indiana. Today Steel Dynamics is one of the largest steel producers in the United States.
Once a wise individual said, The soles of Neil Armstrong's boots on the moon made permanent impressions on our souls and in our national psyche. Ann and I watched those steps together on her parent's sofa. Like all Americans we went to bed that night knowing we lived in the greatest country in the history of the world. God bless Neil Armstrong.
Once a wise individual said, I've always had a 'Work hard, play hard' attitude to life - I still do - but sometimes you get involved in something that needs a calm, methodical approach.
Once a wise individual said, Failure and its accompanying misery is for the artist his most vital source of creative energy.
Once a wise individual said, I made a conscious decision back then that I would rather be the best actress who ever lived than the most famous one.
Once a wise individual said, America's biggest export is media and I think that's a positive thing.
Once a wise individual said, Our children's health and well-being are dependent on our commitment to promoting food access and good eating habits at home, at school and in the community.
Once a wise individual said, A man's brain has a more difficult time shifting from thinking to feeling than a women's brain does.
Once a wise individual said, My wife and I have been together since 1986. I graduated in '86 and she graduated in '88. We began dating when she was 17. Actually she turned 18 when we started kissing and stuff.
Once a wise individual said, Imagination is at the root of much that passes for love.
Once a wise individual said, Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest joy: true fulfillment.
Once a wise individual said, I really want to adopt a child... I want to be called 'Mom.' It really is the most beautiful word in the English language.
Once a wise individual said, You're just left with yourself all the time, whatever you do anyway. You've got to get down to your own God in your own temple. It's all down to you, mate.
Once a wise individual said, But the development of human society does not go straight forward and the epic process will therefore be a recurring process, the series a recurring series - though not in exact repetition.
Once a wise individual said, Probably nothing serious or worthwhile can be accomplished without one's willingness to be alone for sustained periods of time, which is not to say that one must live alone, obsessively.
Once a wise individual said, Today's developer is a poor substitute for the committed entrepreneur of the last century for whom the work of architecture represented a chance to celebrate the worth of his enterprise.
Once a wise individual said, I would have been glad to have lived under my wood side, and to have kept a flock of sheep, rather than to have undertaken this government.
Once a wise individual said, When I woke up this morning my girlfriend asked me, 'Did you sleep good?' I said 'No, I made a few mistakes.'
Once a wise individual said, Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
Once a wise individual said, There is no worse sorrow than remembering happiness in the day of sorrow.
Once a wise individual said, June 2005 is the five year anniversary of the debut of Battle Pope.
Once a wise individual said, Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this Earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth and everything else will come.
Once a wise individual said, Too many women throw themselves into romance because they're afraid of being single, then start making compromises and losing their identity. I won't do that.
Once a wise individual said, We need men and women to sit down and talk to each other about sex honestly and openly. That would help us fight Aids so immediately. But our lack of communication is hugely problematic.
Once a wise individual said, It's being willing to walk away that gives you strength and power - if you're willing to accept the consequences of doing what you want to do.
Once a wise individual said, In time of peace prepare for war.
Once a wise individual said, Any health care funding plan that is just, equitable, civilized and humane must - must - redistribute wealth from the richer among us to the poorer and the less fortunate. Excellent healthcare is by definition re-distributional.
Once a wise individual said, I don't know what keeps me going. Sometimes I wonder... I think it's just pure perseverance and wanting to succeed and having that burning desire to always have success.
Once a wise individual said, No society has been able to abolish human sadness, no political system can deliver us from the pain of living, from our fear of death, our thirst for the absolute. It is the human condition that directs the social condition, not vice versa.
Once a wise individual said, These fallen heroes represent the character of a nation who has a long history of patriotism and honor - and a nation who has fought many battles to keep our country free from threats of terror.
Once a wise individual said, Once you start doing only what you've already proven you can do, you're on the road to death.
Once a wise individual said, Humor brings insight and tolerance. Irony brings a deeper and less friendly understanding.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom from effort in the present merely means that there has been effort stored up in the past.
Once a wise individual said, If the technical innovations of the Impressionists led merely to a more accurate representation of nature, it was perhaps of not much value in enlarging their powers of expression.
Once a wise individual said, I love Nautilus and stretching. The results are immediate, and that gives me the motivation to continue.
Once a wise individual said, Well, marriage is a very important part of our culture and our society. If we want to have a hopeful and decent society, we ought to aim for the ideal.
Once a wise individual said, St. Louis has a lot of weird food customs that you don't see other places - and a lot of great ethnic neighborhoods. There's a German neighborhood. A great old school Italian neighborhood, with toasted ravioli, which seems to be a St. Louis tradition. And they love provolone cheese in St. Louis.
Once a wise individual said, I used to be a hopeless romantic - I fell in love with everyone I went out with.
Once a wise individual said, Bid, then, the tender light of faith to shine By which alone the mortal heart is led Unto the thinking of the thought divine.
Once a wise individual said, Little islands of human happiness, peace, and prosperity are so exceptional at this point in history that I'm not even sure we can draw lessons from them.
Once a wise individual said, I still believe in a place called Hope.
Once a wise individual said, Most of American life consists of driving somewhere and then returning home, wondering why the hell you went.
Once a wise individual said, Children do not give up their innate imagination, curiosity, dreaminess easily. You have to love them to get them to do that.
Once a wise individual said, One morning I woke up and was plunged into psychological shock. I had forgotten I was free.
Once a wise individual said, I don't believe in God personally but I have great respect for those people who do and different people have different religious views in this country.
Once a wise individual said, Teetotallers lack the sympathy and generosity of men that drink.
Once a wise individual said, The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.
Once a wise individual said, My government, you can be assured, will be less focused on personalities. It is about treating people with respect. I think complaining about the community not being able to see the wisdom of our ideas is the wrong approach.
Once a wise individual said, The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
Once a wise individual said, My goal is to be one with the music. I just dedicate my whole life to this art.
Once a wise individual said, Look at the Afghans, during the time of the Soviet invasion. They were among the poorest Muslims in the world, yet they were sustained by their faith in God, and God alone.
Once a wise individual said, The language of excitement is at best picturesque merely. You must be calm before you can utter oracles.
Once a wise individual said, Yes, we were looking for a Faith spin-off, but then Faith backed down. Eliza got a really wonderful offer over on Fox in a show, and, for reasons I didn't talk to her about, she decided to go there, and everyone respects that.
Once a wise individual said, What I like to do is just make good music, good movies, hopefully perform a good show full of energy and just have some fun.
Once a wise individual said, In my opinion, if we have not achieved peace, it is because people forget its most fundamental aspect. Before we talk about peace among nations, we must settle our peace with God.
Once a wise individual said, Men are by nature merely indifferent to one another but women are by nature enemies.
Once a wise individual said, There are some people whose opinion I value and respect and it would be very bothersome if I forfeited their respect. But the general public? I'm not preoccupied with the opinions of others.
Once a wise individual said, Sex and beauty are inseparable, like life and consciousness. And the intelligence which goes with sex and beauty, and arises out of sex and beauty, is intuition.
Once a wise individual said, All men are born with a nose and ten fingers, but no one was born with a knowledge of God.
Once a wise individual said, Hope travels through, nor quits us when we die.
Once a wise individual said, I want to say a little something that's long overdue, the disrespect to women has got to be through. To all the mothers and the sisters and the wives and friends, I wanna offer my love and respect till the end.
Once a wise individual said, Even God lends a hand to honest boldness.
Once a wise individual said, I've been looking forward to doing an album, but it's really sad to see how many doors have been closed because of the gay thing. I thought it was about the music.
Once a wise individual said, The triple is the most exciting play in baseball. Home runs win a lot of games, but I never understood why fans are so obsessed with them.
Once a wise individual said, Poetry is the deification of reality.
Once a wise individual said, I know of no more important subject to the peace of Europe and the world than the reasonable reduction of armaments, especially in Europe, and of naval armaments throughout the world.
Once a wise individual said, Curiosity is one of the great secrets of happiness.
Once a wise individual said, You can learn many things from children. How much patience you have, for instance.
Once a wise individual said, It is a common saying, and in everybody's mouth, that life is but a sojourn.
Once a wise individual said, All the breaks you need in life wait within your imagination, Imagination is the workshop of your mind, capable of turning mind energy into accomplishment and wealth.
Once a wise individual said, My dad was a diplomat and after living in America, where I was born, he was posted to Cairo.
Once a wise individual said, The message of the free world to any potential Palestinian leadership should be a simple one: Embrace democratic reform and we will embrace you.
Once a wise individual said, When I look back at the tapes, your first everything, your first All-Star Game, your first playoff experience, it just seems like it went by really fast.
Once a wise individual said, If we wish to preserve a free society, it is essential that we recognize that the desirability of a particular object is not sufficient justification for the use of coercion.
Once a wise individual said, You know, I said in the U.N., I said to President Abbas, 'Look, we're in the same city, we're in the same building, for God's sake, the U.N. Let's just sit down and begin to talk peace.'
Once a wise individual said, You cannot blame the mismanagement of the economy or the fact that we have not invested adequately in education in order to give our people the knowledge, the skills and the technology that they need in order to be able to use the resources that Africa has to gain wealth.
Once a wise individual said, I believe the war on terror is the vital discussion of this decade and of our generation, probably. To win the war on terror, you need a good offense and a good defense. On defense, I regret to say, basically, this administration has not come close to doing what is necessary.
Once a wise individual said, For movies to get greenlit solely based on the success of other movies that have a lot of women in them? It's so ridiculous to me.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a huge sports fan.
Once a wise individual said, Once you can accept failure, you can have fun and success.
Once a wise individual said, The '80s made up for all the abuse I took during the '70s. I outlived all my critics. By the time I retired, everybody saw me as a venerable institution. Things do change.
Once a wise individual said, We'll love you just the way you are if you're perfect.
Once a wise individual said, The most important decision I've made in business? The choices of people I have around me. When I first started I brought everybody with me, my homies from the neighborhood, criminals. I just said, 'Come on everybody, we made it.' Then I had to realize we didn't make it. I made it.
Once a wise individual said, But if people want to swim in the Thames, if they want to take their lives into their own hands, then they should be able to do so with all the freedom and exhilaration of our woad-painted ancestors.
Once a wise individual said, I trust every single person around me, and if I feel even a whiff of uncertainty I won't have that person around me.
Once a wise individual said, Great men, unknown to their generation, have their fame among the great who have preceded them, and all true worldly fame subsides from their high estimate beyond the stars.
Once a wise individual said, Life is tough, but it's tougher when you're stupid.
Once a wise individual said, He was a wise man who originated the idea of God.
Once a wise individual said, I opened the large central window of my office room to its full on the fine early May morning. Then I stood for a few moments, breathing in the soft, warm air that was charged with the scent of white lilacs below.
Once a wise individual said, People tell me they idolise me, want to be like me, but I tell them, 'trust me, you don't want my life.' I've been a very tortured soul.
Once a wise individual said, Unfortunately the global warming hysteria, as I see it, is driven by politics more than by science.
Once a wise individual said, Miss Child is never bashful with butter.
Once a wise individual said, Belief in a cruel God makes a cruel man.
Once a wise individual said, Hispanic unemployment is higher than the national average and when the federal government is killing small businesses and killing jobs it is hurting the future of the Hispanic community and we need to carry that message.
Once a wise individual said, The higher American patriotism, on the other hand, combines loyalty to historical tradition and precedent with the imaginative projection of an ideal national Promise.
Once a wise individual said, I was a Christian. I didn't want to have sex before marriage, I was a bit uptight and not very self-confident. I was a virgin until I was 26.
Once a wise individual said, The law of nations is naturally founded on this principle, that different nations ought in time of peace to do one another all the good they can, and in time of war as little injury as possible, without prejudicing their real interests.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think we live in a particularly equal society.
Once a wise individual said, You take away all the other luxuries in life, and if you can make someone smile and laugh, you have given the most special gift: happiness.
Once a wise individual said, I look forward to a great future for America - a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose.
Once a wise individual said, Architecture is a slow business, and city planning even slower.
Once a wise individual said, It's incredible that they censor films. It's sad.
Once a wise individual said, Things are beautiful if you love them.
Once a wise individual said, To achieve great things, two things are needed a plan, and not quite enough time.
Once a wise individual said, The style of God venerated in the church, mosque, or synagogue seems completely different from the style of the natural universe.
Once a wise individual said, You cannot feed the hungry on statistics.
Once a wise individual said, Not by age but by capacity is wisdom acquired.
Once a wise individual said, No one has the right to ignite a war and lead an occupation and armies to conquer people, invading them and make them suffer all kinds of torture, murder, expulsion, displacement, bombing and terrorism by different lethal prohibited weapons and then come and speak as the savior of the people or a defender of their rights.
Once a wise individual said, Children born to teens have less supportive and stimulating environments, poorer health, lower cognitive development, and worse educational outcomes. Children of teen mothers are at increased risk of being in foster care and becoming teen parents themselves, thereby repeating the cycle.
Once a wise individual said, I don't have any real spirituality in my life - I'm kind of an atheist - but when music can take me to the highest heights, it's almost like a spiritual feeling. It fills that void for me.
Once a wise individual said, When I was in high school I used to sit by myself in the cafeteria - not necessarily by choice - but I thought it was funny to talk to people that weren't there.
Once a wise individual said, I grew up in an non-athletic family, where my parents were interested in music, in literature, in education and art.
Once a wise individual said, You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure.
Once a wise individual said, My first job after college was at Magic Quest, an educational software startup company where I was responsible for writing the content. I found that job somewhat accidentally but after working there a few weeks and loving my job, I decided to pursue a career in technology.
Once a wise individual said, Let schoolmasters puzzle their brain, With grammar, and nonsense, and learning, Good liquor, I stoutly maintain, Gives genius a better discerning.
Once a wise individual said, I do not have any pets. We travel too much.
Once a wise individual said, Compassion is sometimes the fatal capacity for feeling what it is like to live inside somebody else's skin. It is the knowledge that there can never really be any peace and joy for me until there is peace and joy finally for you too.
Once a wise individual said, By presenting a faithful and honest record of my experience as a mother, I hope to show both my readers and my children how truth can redeem even what you fear might be the gravest of sins.
Once a wise individual said, I used the music kind of as therapy, and it's just amazing that I feel so free after doing that. I feel like I had it trapped inside of me and now I feel free. So it's been a very good therapy session for me as well.
Once a wise individual said, To say that any people are not fit for freedom, is to make poverty their choice, and to say they had rather be loaded with taxes than not.
Once a wise individual said, The great secret of doctors, known only to their wives, but still hidden from the public, is that most things get better by themselves most things, in fact, are better in the morning.
Once a wise individual said, Belly buttons are cool!
Once a wise individual said, War is not merely a political act but a real political instrument, a continuation of political intercourse, a carrying out of the same by other means.
Once a wise individual said, If you've gone into a marriage and you haven't been clear about how you're going to handle money, how you want to raise kids, who is going to work or stay home or what have you, then you've set yourself up for failure.
Once a wise individual said, The bungalow had more to do with how Americans live today than any other building that has gone remotely by the name of architecture in our history.
Once a wise individual said, To me, the Seventies were very inspirational and very influential... With my whole persona as Snoop Dogg, as a person, as a rapper. I just love the Seventies style, the way all the players dressed nice, you know, kept their hair looking good, drove sharp cars and they talked real slick.
Once a wise individual said, There is probably a perverse pride in my administration... that we were going to do the right thing, even if short-term it was unpopular. And I think anybody who's occupied this office has to remember that success is determined by an intersection in policy and politics and that you can't be neglecting of marketing and P.R. and public opinion.
Once a wise individual said, To help yourself, you must be yourself. Be the best that you can be. When you make a mistake, learn from it, pick yourself up and move on.
Once a wise individual said, Very few people possess true artistic ability. It is therefore both unseemly and unproductive to irritate the situation by making an effort. If you have a burning, restless urge to write or paint, simply eat something sweet and the feeling will pass.
Once a wise individual said, Beauty is less important than quality.
Once a wise individual said, One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.
Once a wise individual said, Yes, politics IS war without bloodshed and war is an extension of those politics.
Once a wise individual said, Our work is a scream of freedom.
Once a wise individual said, I know my limitations, and I don't like politics. I was only involved because of my husband.
Once a wise individual said, My wife and I, unlike many intellectuals, spent five years working on assembly lines. We came to fully understand the criticisms of the industrial age, in which you are an appendage of a machine that sets the pace.
Once a wise individual said, There is no hope even that woman, with her right to vote, will ever purify politics.
Once a wise individual said, Because parents have power over children. They feel they have to do what their parents say. But the love of money is the root of all evil. And this is a sweet child. And to see him turn like this, this isn't him. This is not him.
Once a wise individual said, Because for whatever reason, even though I want to stay home all the time and be left alone, I want to tell the world who I am now.
Once a wise individual said, Planning to play: that's what saving for retirement is today - and it is antithetical to the nature of play, fully within the definition of work, and blissfully ignorant of the reality of death.
Once a wise individual said, A well-spent day brings happy sleep.
Once a wise individual said, In spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart. I simply can't build up my hopes on a foundation consisting of confusion, misery and death.
Once a wise individual said, Man, I love the 'Lord of the Rings' movies. Some people would say I'm weird for liking those types of movies, but they are so cool.
Once a wise individual said, What the Founding Fathers created in the Constitution is the most magnificent government on the face of the Earth, and the reason is this: because it was intended to preserve the American society and the American spirit, not to transform it or destroy it.
Once a wise individual said, Part of our western outlook stems from the scientific attitude and its method of isolating the parts of a phenomenon in order to analyze them.
Once a wise individual said, Acting can be pretty challenging. I can't say making a romantic comedy is challenging, but to do anything well, you have to put yourself into it.
Once a wise individual said, Banks have a new image. Now you have 'a friend,' your friendly banker. If the banks are so friendly, how come they chain down the pens?
Once a wise individual said, Say there's a white kid who lives in a nice home, goes to an all-white school, and is pretty much having everything handed to him on a platter - for him to pick up a rap tape is incredible to me, because what that's saying is that he's living a fantasy life of rebellion.
Once a wise individual said, For what I have received may the Lord make me truly thankful. And more truly for what I have not received.
Once a wise individual said, My dad is a marketing mastermind.
Once a wise individual said, Art can never exist without naked beauty displayed.
Once a wise individual said, Everything tends to make us believe that there exists a certain point of the mind at which life and death, the real and the imagined, past and future, the communicable and the incommunicable, high and low, cease to be perceived as contradictions.
Once a wise individual said, Every great work of art has two faces, one toward its own time and one toward the future, toward eternity.
Once a wise individual said, I love my family very much. I wish I could see them a little more often than I do. But we understand because we're a show business family and we all work.
Once a wise individual said, I never think of the future - it comes soon enough.
Once a wise individual said, I used to be hung up on my figure, but it's a waste of time. I don't believe in diets. Have four pints one night, be healthy the next.
Once a wise individual said, I think our culture has gotten so skewed. People assume that because you're an actor you want to write a book to exploit your celebrity, but my celebrity is only a byproduct of me making movies. I have no intention of being a celebrity.
Once a wise individual said, Courage is a special kind of knowledge: the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared.
Once a wise individual said, They always win who side with God.
Once a wise individual said, There can be no peace in the world so long as a large proportion of the population lack the necessities of life and believe that a change of the political and economic system will make them available. World peace must be based on world plenty.
Once a wise individual said, For I must tell you that we artists cannot tread the path of Beauty without Eros keeping company with us and appointing himself as our guide.
Once a wise individual said, You do the work and you want people to see it but, um while I'm doing the work, the result doesn't matter at all to me. Ultimately, I don't, I don't care whether the film is - you know - some big giant box-office bonanza and I don't care if its a complete flop. To me, when a film gets made and it's actually finished it's a success. They're all a success in their own way.
Once a wise individual said, I basically get stereotyped a lot in terms of being a girl and writing 'chick' music for teenage girls or something. I think, if anything, the press kind of, because of my gender and my age, tends to kind of relegate my work to this sort of special-interest group. It's part of the cultural dynamic, I guess.
Once a wise individual said, I approached everything, my job, my family, my romances, with intensity.
Once a wise individual said, Most of us women like men, you know it's just that we find them a constant disappointment.
Once a wise individual said, Many people in the world today are not starving because there is an inherent inability to produce food, they are starving because they are caught in the middle of political fights and blockades that have been used as weapons.
Once a wise individual said, I was eating bad stuff. Lots of sugar and carbs, junk food all the time. It makes you very irritated.
Once a wise individual said, Silence is the mother of truth.
Once a wise individual said, If you look at the human condition today, not everyone is well fed, has access to good medical care, or the physical basics that provide for a healthy and a happy life.
Once a wise individual said, Until we have a better relationship between private performance and the public truth, as was demonstrated with Watergate, we as the public are absolutely right to remain suspicious, contemptuous even, of the secrecy and the misinformation which is the digest of our news.
Once a wise individual said, I perfectly understood President Obama's attitude throughout the French presidential campaign. He had no reason to distance himself from Nicolas Sarkozy. It's the basic solidarity that leaders who worked together owe to each other.
Once a wise individual said, It is horrifying that we have to fight our own government to save the environment.
Once a wise individual said, My mother never gave up one me. I messed up in school so much they were sending me home, but my mother sent me right back.
Once a wise individual said, Libraries allow children to ask questions about the world and find the answers. And the wonderful thing is that once a child learns to use a library, the doors to learning are always open.
Once a wise individual said, I had always loved John Ford's pictures. And I came to love him, too, but I was frightened to death working for him. He used the shock treatment while directing me.
Once a wise individual said, When I was six years old my friend was auditioning for 'Annie,' and I decided I wanted to audition with her. My mom was worried I would fall flat on my face because I'd never opened my mouth to sing, so she sent me to vocal lessons. I did the audition and fell in love with the entire process of a show.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb... and I also know that I'm not blonde.
Once a wise individual said, I'm a father of four so whenever I'm not working my kids have their different sports, or plays, or school performances, so I don't do a whole lot of other stuff besides being a dad.
Once a wise individual said, Be sure what you want and be sure about yourself. Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
Once a wise individual said, The truth sets you free. It's a very liberating thing, when you say this is who I am warts and all and then you can just get on with life. It's amazing.
Once a wise individual said, In each action we must look beyond the action at our past, present, and future state, and at others whom it affects, and see the relations of all those things. And then we shall be very cautious.
Once a wise individual said, And I think it's that time. And I think if you just step aside and Mr. Romney can kind of take over. You can maybe still use a plane. Though maybe a smaller one. Not that big gas guzzler you are going around to colleges and talking about student loans and stuff like that.
Once a wise individual said, I actually think I have an audience member's sensibility about going to the movies.
Once a wise individual said, All conservatism is based upon the idea that if you leave things alone you leave them as they are. But you do not. If you leave a thing alone you leave it to a torrent of change.
Once a wise individual said, I listen to music that is of our time and I just get angry.
Once a wise individual said, With my new venture, Club Mom, we want to empower moms to feel their value and also build their collective power to make their lives better and easier. We want to bring them together as a community to share experiences and information.
Once a wise individual said, And I pray thee, loving Jesus, that as Thou hast graciously given me to drink in with delight the words of Thy knowledge, so Thou wouldst mercifully grant me to attain one day to Thee, the fountain of all wisdom and to appear forever before Thy face.
Once a wise individual said, Having achieved my own dreams, I want to give to kids who are less fortunate, who struggle with everyday obstacles. I want to give them something positive in their lives: support.
Once a wise individual said, Every one with this writ may be a tyrant if this commission be legal, a tyrant in a legal manner, also, may control, imprison, or murder any one within the realm.
Once a wise individual said, Sculpture is the art of the intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, I decided to pursue music, so I dropped out of school and I told my parents I didn't want any money from them. I got three jobs and I just hit the ground running.
Once a wise individual said, I find playwriting to be incredibly difficult compared to screenwriting. Part of it is that I grew up watching movies and not watching plays.
Once a wise individual said, God cannot give us a happiness and peace apart from Himself, because it is not there. There is no such thing.
Once a wise individual said, My father was not a failure. After all, he was the father of a president of the United States.
Once a wise individual said, Wherever men and women are persecuted because of their race, religion, or political views, that place must - at that moment - become the center of the universe.
Once a wise individual said, The needs of babies and toddlers were constant and drained the life out my sense of self and my family's relationship with each other.
Once a wise individual said, The amount of meetings I've been in - people would be shocked. But that's how you gain experience, how you can gain knowledge, being in meetings and participating. You learn and grow.
Once a wise individual said, The first reason for the preponderant influence of those Evangelicals who define themselves as advocates of Religious Right theological and political ideologies is that they have both the financial means and technological know-how to make widespread use of modern electronic forms of communication.
Once a wise individual said, I love my beauty. It's not my fault.
Once a wise individual said, It's better to be healthy alone than sick with someone else.
Once a wise individual said, Being a mother is quite tiring. There's not much time to do anything. You just rush around and it's hard work.
Once a wise individual said, I work constantly but I work at a lot of different things. You know, I run a theater company in New York, I direct plays, act in plays, in movies, so I try to keep it eclectic.
Once a wise individual said, It remains to consider what attitude thoughtful men and Christian believers should take respecting them, and how they stand related to beliefs of another order.
Once a wise individual said, For me, being tall was very positive because I thought my mom was the most beautiful person ever.
Once a wise individual said, You know, rural Americans are a special people. Their labor puts food on our table and fuel in our gas tanks. Their service in our military sets a powerful example of leadership, honor and sacrifice. Their spirit of community inspires us all.
Once a wise individual said, Common sense in an uncommon degree is what the world calls wisdom.
Once a wise individual said, I have seen how the foundations of the world are laid, and I have not the least doubt that it will stand a good while.
Once a wise individual said, I believe that the Framers of the Constitution made their intent clear when they wrote the First Amendment. I believe they wanted to keep the new government from endorsing one religion over another, not erase the public consciousness or common faith.
Once a wise individual said, These things will destroy the human race: politics without principle, progress without compassion, wealth without work, learning without silence, religion without fearlessness and worship without awareness.
Once a wise individual said, All of Koons's best art - the encased vacuum cleaners, the stainless-steel Rabbit (the late-twentieth century's signature work of Simulationist sculpture), the amazing gleaming Balloon Dog, and the cast-iron re-creation of a Civil War mortar exhibited last month at the Armory - has simultaneously flaunted extreme realism, idealism, and fantasy.
Once a wise individual said, There is nothing that fear and hope does not permit men to do.
Once a wise individual said, For years, I always thought it was hilarious that I was this fitness guru, because fitness was just a tool I utilized to help people improve their confidence. For me, it's never been about fitness. It's always been about helping to empower people.
Once a wise individual said, If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it?
Once a wise individual said, A critic is a man who knows the way but can't drive the car.
Once a wise individual said, Preoccupation with money is the great test of small natures, but only a small test of great ones.
Once a wise individual said, There can be no vulnerability without risk there can be no community without vulnerability there can be no peace, and ultimately no life, without community.
Once a wise individual said, Riding a race bike is an art - a thing that you do because you feel something inside.
Once a wise individual said, I've grown a lot, and I'm learning every week.
Once a wise individual said, Technology has allowed us to have more drought-resistant crops. The spotty nature of drought, the spotty nature of rains can sometimes result in better yields than anticipated.
Once a wise individual said, There is not a single Muslim leader today who has the courage and commitment to defend Islam and Muslims, they are all in awe of the United States and other Western powers, and are indebted to them.
Once a wise individual said, I'm moving on. I should have made that clear when I made the announcement. I guess I wasn't clear. If people think you're leaving a show after all these years, you might be retiring. So I understand where they're coming from, but I should have impressed the fact that I hope I'm just moving on right now.
Once a wise individual said, Music is for every single person that walks the planet.
Once a wise individual said, Without health life is not life it is only a state of langour and suffering - an image of death.
Once a wise individual said, Taste every fruit of every tree in the garden at least once. It is an insult to creation not to experience it fully. Temperance is wickedness.
Once a wise individual said, When you choose your friends, don't be short-changed by choosing personality over character.
Once a wise individual said, If marriage can be redefined so that it no longer means a man and a woman but two men or two women, why stop there? Why not allow three men or a woman and two men to constitute a marriage?
Once a wise individual said, Of course, I do have a slight advantage over the rest of you. It helps in a pinch to be able to remind your bride that you gave up a throne for her.
Once a wise individual said, It is the mark of a truly intelligent person to be moved by statistics.
Once a wise individual said, I like to hang out with my friends. I love music. I like to go to the movies. I like to eat. I like to cook.
Once a wise individual said, Human misery is too great for men to do without faith.
Once a wise individual said, No, in Lethal Weapon I was a taxi cab driver that Mel jumps in front of the taxi and pulls me out of the car and steals the taxi. Then I did some other indie driving for some of the car sequences.
Once a wise individual said, The language of America changed with the election of Bill Clinton, because with all due respect to my friends on the Republican side, Bill Clinton is the best communicator of the last 50 years. He felt your pain.
Once a wise individual said, I will not be just a tourist in the world of images, just watching images passing by which I cannot live in, make love to, possess as permanent sources of joy and ecstasy.
Once a wise individual said, The counterfeit and counterpart of Nature is reproduced in art.
Once a wise individual said, Freedom of religion is a principle that is central to our Nation's Declaration of Independence. Congress has taken this positive step to protect our freedom to express allegiance to America's flag and the ideals it represents.
Once a wise individual said, It is impossible to please all the world and one's father.
Once a wise individual said, If neurotic is wanting two mutually exclusive things at one and the same time, then I'm neurotic as hell. I'll be flying back and forth between one mutually exclusive thing and another for the rest of my days.
Once a wise individual said, War involves in its progress such a train of unforeseen circumstances that no human wisdom can calculate the end it has but one thing certain, and that is to increase taxes.
Once a wise individual said, The amount of hassle involved in travel can be overwhelming.
Once a wise individual said, This is easy to say with the benefit of hindsight, but I think it once again points out how very important style of leadership, that is the way he does what he does, is to his perception.
Once a wise individual said, I think that what went wrong with religion is the same thing that went wrong with politics. Is that it became too money based and too controlling. It's just a weakness that we human beings have for control - we want one thing and then we want more and then we want more.
Once a wise individual said, Mysteriously and in ways that are totally remote from natural experience, the gray drizzle of horror induced by depression takes on the quality of physical pain.
Once a wise individual said, I'm not only a lawyer, I have a post doctorate degree in federal tax law from William and Mary. I work in serious scholarship and work in the United States federal tax court. My husband and I raised five kids. We've raised 23 foster children. We've applied ourselves to education reform. We started a charter school for at-risk kids.
Once a wise individual said, Death comes to all, but great achievements build a monument which shall endure until the sun grows cold.
Once a wise individual said, The most solid piece of scientific truth I know of is that we are profoundly ignorant about nature.
Once a wise individual said, I don't watch the movies I make, so I haven't seen 'Footloose' since it came out. You see this young, hungry actor, it's pretty fun. I was the only one they screen tested. It was an attempt by the director and producer to talk the head of the studio into hiring me because they didn't want me.
Once a wise individual said, Sleep is good, death is better but of course, the best thing would to have never been born at all.
Once a wise individual said, The progress of freedom depends more upon the maintenance of peace, the spread of commerce, and the diffusion of education, than upon the labors of cabinets and foreign offices.
Once a wise individual said, My mom is going to kill me for talking about sleeping with people. But I don't want to put myself in the position where I'm in a monogamous relationship right now. I'm not dating just one person. 'Sex and the City' changed everything for me because those girls would sleep with so many people.
Once a wise individual said, One could write a history of science in reverse by assembling the solemn pronouncements of highest authority about what could not be done and could never happen.
Once a wise individual said, There is nothing glorious about what our ancestors call history. It is simply a succession of mistakes, intolerances and violations.
Once a wise individual said, Things are never quite as scary when you've got a best friend.
Once a wise individual said, Giving up even an ounce of precious freedom is a very serious thing to do.
Once a wise individual said, Sports teams, people who follow sports teams, religion, churches, work - any company, I find that people just generally have a need to belong to something larger than themselves.
Once a wise individual said, Men have a respect for scholarship and learning greatly out of proportion to the use they commonly serve.
Once a wise individual said, Hitchcock had a charm about him. He was very funny at times. He was incredibly brilliant in his field of suspense.
Once a wise individual said, Power must be used, but it must be tempered by soul-searching and the recognition of our human capacity for error. That is the maxim that should inform our approach to every challenge, from reforming state government to engaging in foreign affairs.
Once a wise individual said, I am involved in Greenpeace. And I just recently completely switched my diet over to near-veganism. So you try to do little things that you can. I recycle every single day. Every single thing in my house that can be recycled is.
Once a wise individual said, Chaos was the law of nature Order was the dream of man.
Once a wise individual said, Marriage should be a duet - when one sings, the other claps.
Once a wise individual said, I have a loyalty that runs in my bloodstream, when I lock into someone or something, you can't get me away from it because I commit that thoroughly. That's in friendship, that's a deal, that's a commitment. Don't give me paper - I can get the same lawyer who drew it up to break it. But if you shake my hand, that's for life.
Once a wise individual said, I used to spend every morning in detention at my old school.
Once a wise individual said, From the age of fifteen, dogma has been the fundamental principle of my religion: I know no other religion I cannot enter into the idea of any other sort of religion religion, as a mere sentiment, is to me a dream and a mockery.
Once a wise individual said, I wouldn't know how to find eBay on the computer if my life depended on it.
Once a wise individual said, Art is always and everywhere the secret confession, and at the same time the immortal movement of its time.
Once a wise individual said, I try to forget about the expectation that's out there and the audience listening for the next thing so that I'm not trying to please them. I've spent a huge amount of time not communicating with those folks and denying that they exist.
Once a wise individual said, I haven't seen Clones, which has been during this period when I haven't seen much of anything, but I did see Phantom Menace, and see my feelings about it - see, first of all, I think that when you make a lot of movies, your attitude about the movies changes.
Once a wise individual said, There's no reason to change what you are, but if you're not being you, then you need to acknowledge that.
Once a wise individual said, Had the United States and the United Kingdom gone on alone to capture Baghdad, under the provisions of the Geneva and Hague conventions we would have been considered occupying powers and therefore would have been responsible for all the costs of maintaining or restoring government, education and other services for the people of Iraq.
Once a wise individual said, When suffering comes, we yearn for some sign from God, forgetting we have just had one.
Once a wise individual said, Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day.
Once a wise individual said, A great many people think that polysyllables are a sign of intelligence.
Once a wise individual said, The natural progress of things is for liberty to yield and government to gain ground.
Once a wise individual said, Knowledge of human nature is the beginning and end of political education.
Once a wise individual said, Evil is the interruption of a truth by the pressure of particular or individual interests.
Once a wise individual said, The Constitution preserves the advantage of being armed which Americans possess over the people of almost every other nation where the governments are afraid to trust the people with arms.
Once a wise individual said, My dad raised me with some good advice: 'Always tell the truth. Always shoot from the hip. You might not have many friends, but you'll never have enemies, because people will always know where you're coming from.'
Once a wise individual said, People try to live within their income so they can afford to pay taxes to a government that can't live within its income.
Once a wise individual said, What an artist is trying to do for people is bring them closer to something, because of course art is about sharing. You wouldn't be an artist unless you wanted to share an experience, a thought.
Once a wise individual said, Humor is just another defense against the universe.
Once a wise individual said, To go to hospitals and see people fight and overcome cystic fibrosis or cancer or any number of illnesses is to see courage that is humbling. And athletes constantly need to be humbled.
Once a wise individual said, If you can measure success in this business based on happiness alone I feel like I've hit the lottery.
Once a wise individual said, Authenticity is the alignment of head, mouth, heart, and feet - thinking, saying, feeling, and doing the same thing - consistently. This builds trust, and followers love leaders they can trust.
Once a wise individual said, I don't think I could ever do a network sitcom because the humor is often based on some trite circumstance. I don't want to be a part of a show where it's mostly about coming up with the jokes.
Once a wise individual said, Politics are very much like war. We may even have to use poison gas at times.
Once a wise individual said, I have long recognized a link between fitness and mental health and I think we need to encourage young people to take part in sports and team activities because we know it has such positive results.
Once a wise individual said, We are all afraid for our confidence, for the future, for the world. That is the nature of the human imagination. Yet every man, every civilization, has gone forward because of its engagement with what it has set itself to do.
Once a wise individual said, Science, we are repeatedly told, is the most reliable form of knowledge about the world because it is based on testable hypotheses. Religion, by contrast, is based on faith. The term 'doubting Thomas' well illustrates the difference.
Once a wise individual said, I stopped thinking about it after trying to figure out what are the lessons learned, and there are so many. After I had basically sorted that out, I figured it's time to really look at the future and not at the past.
Once a wise individual said, We got rid of a terrible dictator. We gave the Iraqi people an opportunity for a new life under a representative form of government.
Once a wise individual said, If you don't respect me you're not gonna get that respect back.
Once a wise individual said, Part of what we love about poetry is the fact that it seems ancient, that it has an authority of ancient language and ancient form, and that it's timeless, that it reaches back.
Once a wise individual said, Any work that aspires, however humbly, to the condition of art should carry its justification in every line.
Once a wise individual said, The sharpest memory of our old-fashioned Christmas eve is my mother's hand making sure I was settled in bed.
Once a wise individual said, The problem to me is violence. It's not cool to kill somebody or hurt people.
Once a wise individual said, If a relationship is founded on love it doesn't end.
Once a wise individual said, I've learned to trust myself, to listen to truth, to not be afraid of it and to not try and hide it.
